,index,video_id,url,caption,queries,duration_sec
0,0,OYxAiQZJp-c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYxAiQZJp-c,"The video clip opens with a title card reading 'DAREDEVIL AT HIS ABSOLUTE BEST' against a dark background, followed by another title card stating 'RAW, BONE-CHUCKLING ACTION.' The scene shifts to an indoor setting where two characters are engaged in a physical altercation. One character is wearing a red suit and the other has a white mask covering their face. They appear to be fighting or grappling on a wooden floor. A close-up of one character's hand gripping another's arm suggests a struggle for control. The environment looks like a dimly lit room with warm lighting. Subsequent frames show more intense action shots involving multiple characters in various settings such as indoors and outdoors at night. There are quick cuts between different scenes showing characters in combat poses and dynamic movements.",Daredevil red suit fight,43
1,0,OYxAiQZJp-c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYxAiQZJp-c,"The video clip opens with a title card reading 'DAREDEVIL AT HIS ABSOLUTE BEST' against a dark background, followed by another title card stating 'RAW, BONE-CHUCKLING ACTION.' The scene shifts to an indoor setting where two characters are engaged in a physical altercation. One character is wearing a red suit and the other has a white mask covering their face. They appear to be fighting or grappling on a wooden floor. A close-up of one character's hand gripping another's arm suggests a struggle for control. The environment looks like a dimly lit room with warm lighting. Subsequent frames show more intense action shots involving multiple characters in various settings such as indoors and outdoors at night. There are quick cuts between different scenes showing characters in combat poses and dynamic movements.",Daredevil white mask grapple,43
2,0,OYxAiQZJp-c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYxAiQZJp-c,"The video clip opens with a title card reading 'DAREDEVIL AT HIS ABSOLUTE BEST' against a dark background, followed by another title card stating 'RAW, BONE-CHUCKLING ACTION.' The scene shifts to an indoor setting where two characters are engaged in a physical altercation. One character is wearing a red suit and the other has a white mask covering their face. They appear to be fighting or grappling on a wooden floor. A close-up of one character's hand gripping another's arm suggests a struggle for control. The environment looks like a dimly lit room with warm lighting. Subsequent frames show more intense action shots involving multiple characters in various settings such as indoors and outdoors at night. There are quick cuts between different scenes showing characters in combat poses and dynamic movements.",Daredevil indoor wooden floor clash,43
3,1,wVkksjNxu9U.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVkksjNxu9U,"The video opens with a close-up of a character's mechanical suit glowing blue, indicating advanced technology. The scene transitions to an aerial view of a city at night, showcasing the vastness and urban setting. A high-speed chase ensues through the streets; the camera follows from behind as the vehicle speeds past buildings and streetlights. The environment is dark but illuminated by artificial lights, creating a contrast between the darkness of the night sky and the bright cityscape below. As the chase continues, sparks fly off the vehicle due to its speed and power. The final frame shows a title card for 'Ironheart,' suggesting that this is part of a series or movie trailer related to Ironheart.",Ironheart high‑speed chase,30
4,1,wVkksjNxu9U.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVkksjNxu9U,"The video opens with a close-up of a character's mechanical suit glowing blue, indicating advanced technology. The scene transitions to an aerial view of a city at night, showcasing the vastness and urban setting. A high-speed chase ensues through the streets; the camera follows from behind as the vehicle speeds past buildings and streetlights. The environment is dark but illuminated by artificial lights, creating a contrast between the darkness of the night sky and the bright cityscape below. As the chase continues, sparks fly off the vehicle due to its speed and power. The final frame shows a title card for 'Ironheart,' suggesting that this is part of a series or movie trailer related to Ironheart.",Ironheart blue mechanical suit sparks,30
5,1,wVkksjNxu9U.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVkksjNxu9U,"The video opens with a close-up of a character's mechanical suit glowing blue, indicating advanced technology. The scene transitions to an aerial view of a city at night, showcasing the vastness and urban setting. A high-speed chase ensues through the streets; the camera follows from behind as the vehicle speeds past buildings and streetlights. The environment is dark but illuminated by artificial lights, creating a contrast between the darkness of the night sky and the bright cityscape below. As the chase continues, sparks fly off the vehicle due to its speed and power. The final frame shows a title card for 'Ironheart,' suggesting that this is part of a series or movie trailer related to Ironheart.",Ironheart city at night aerial view,30
6,2,f4EQKegeNH8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4EQKegeNH8,"The video captures a bustling red carpet event at the premiere of 'Thor: Ragnarok'. The setting is outdoors, with clear skies and bright daylight. A large black structure prominently displays the movie's title in bold yellow letters on its side. People are seen walking around, some dressed formally for the occasion. There's an array of attendees mingling and taking photos. In the background, there's a building labeled 'ONION' which adds to the urban feel of the scene. The environment buzzes with excitement as fans gather to capture moments from the event. The color palette consists of vibrant yellows from the movie posters, contrasting against the darker tones of the surrounding architecture.",Thor: Ragnarok red carpet premiere,12
7,2,f4EQKegeNH8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4EQKegeNH8,"The video captures a bustling red carpet event at the premiere of 'Thor: Ragnarok'. The setting is outdoors, with clear skies and bright daylight. A large black structure prominently displays the movie's title in bold yellow letters on its side. People are seen walking around, some dressed formally for the occasion. There's an array of attendees mingling and taking photos. In the background, there's a building labeled 'ONION' which adds to the urban feel of the scene. The environment buzzes with excitement as fans gather to capture moments from the event. The color palette consists of vibrant yellows from the movie posters, contrasting against the darker tones of the surrounding architecture.",Thor: Ragnarok outdoor event with yellow title,12
8,2,f4EQKegeNH8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4EQKegeNH8,"The video captures a bustling red carpet event at the premiere of 'Thor: Ragnarok'. The setting is outdoors, with clear skies and bright daylight. A large black structure prominently displays the movie's title in bold yellow letters on its side. People are seen walking around, some dressed formally for the occasion. There's an array of attendees mingling and taking photos. In the background, there's a building labeled 'ONION' which adds to the urban feel of the scene. The environment buzzes with excitement as fans gather to capture moments from the event. The color palette consists of vibrant yellows from the movie posters, contrasting against the darker tones of the surrounding architecture.",Thor: Ragnarok premiere at building labeled ONION,12
9,3,Mossc46lLTQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mossc46lLTQ,"The video features a male figure in a white suit walking confidently on what appears to be a red carpet. He is the central focus, moving from left to right across the frame. The background includes other individuals dressed in black and casual attire, suggesting an event with multiple attendees. There's lush greenery behind them, indicating an outdoor setting possibly within a garden or park area. A building structure can also be seen in the distance under clear skies. As he walks, his posture remains upright, exuding confidence. In one of the frames, text overlay reads 'What's up?' which adds a conversational element to the scene.",white suit man walking red carpet,9
10,3,Mossc46lLTQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mossc46lLTQ,"The video features a male figure in a white suit walking confidently on what appears to be a red carpet. He is the central focus, moving from left to right across the frame. The background includes other individuals dressed in black and casual attire, suggesting an event with multiple attendees. There's lush greenery behind them, indicating an outdoor setting possibly within a garden or park area. A building structure can also be seen in the distance under clear skies. As he walks, his posture remains upright, exuding confidence. In one of the frames, text overlay reads 'What's up?' which adds a conversational element to the scene.",red carpet event with greenery background,9
11,3,Mossc46lLTQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mossc46lLTQ,"The video features a male figure in a white suit walking confidently on what appears to be a red carpet. He is the central focus, moving from left to right across the frame. The background includes other individuals dressed in black and casual attire, suggesting an event with multiple attendees. There's lush greenery behind them, indicating an outdoor setting possibly within a garden or park area. A building structure can also be seen in the distance under clear skies. As he walks, his posture remains upright, exuding confidence. In one of the frames, text overlay reads 'What's up?' which adds a conversational element to the scene.",confident male in white suit on red carpet,9
12,4,yhiZnXMu4Tg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhiZnXMu4Tg,"The video begins with a close-up of a glowing blue cube, transitioning to an intense green light emanating from within. A person in dark clothing is shown holding the glowing object, followed by another individual wearing a red and gold armored suit. The scene shifts to a hand holding a small orange gem against a dark background, then to a woman reaching out towards a bright, fiery orb amidst swirling purple lights. Next, two individuals are seen interacting in a dimly lit environment filled with floating orbs. The focus returns to the man in the armored suit as he stands alone in darkness. Finally, we see a close-up of his neck adorned with a glowing red collar, indicating some form of control or power over the objects around him.\n\nIn the next sequence, there's a detailed view of various colorful gems on a tray, including red, yellow, and green stones, alongside tools like scissors and needles. This suggests preparation for crafting or manipulation of these items. The camera pans across the tray, highlighting each gem's unique color and shape. Following this, a person in a beige shirt with a red glow around their neck appears focused on something off-screen, possibly manipulating the glowing objects. The final frame shows them still engaged in whatever task they're performing, emphasizing concentration and purposeful action.",glowing blue cube and green light in video,57
13,4,yhiZnXMu4Tg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhiZnXMu4Tg,"The video begins with a close-up of a glowing blue cube, transitioning to an intense green light emanating from within. A person in dark clothing is shown holding the glowing object, followed by another individual wearing a red and gold armored suit. The scene shifts to a hand holding a small orange gem against a dark background, then to a woman reaching out towards a bright, fiery orb amidst swirling purple lights. Next, two individuals are seen interacting in a dimly lit environment filled with floating orbs. The focus returns to the man in the armored suit as he stands alone in darkness. Finally, we see a close-up of his neck adorned with a glowing red collar, indicating some form of control or power over the objects around him.\n\nIn the next sequence, there's a detailed view of various colorful gems on a tray, including red, yellow, and green stones, alongside tools like scissors and needles. This suggests preparation for crafting or manipulation of these items. The camera pans across the tray, highlighting each gem's unique color and shape. Following this, a person in a beige shirt with a red glow around their neck appears focused on something off-screen, possibly manipulating the glowing objects. The final frame shows them still engaged in whatever task they're performing, emphasizing concentration and purposeful action.",armored suit with glowing red collar controlling objects,57
14,4,yhiZnXMu4Tg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhiZnXMu4Tg,"The video begins with a close-up of a glowing blue cube, transitioning to an intense green light emanating from within. A person in dark clothing is shown holding the glowing object, followed by another individual wearing a red and gold armored suit. The scene shifts to a hand holding a small orange gem against a dark background, then to a woman reaching out towards a bright, fiery orb amidst swirling purple lights. Next, two individuals are seen interacting in a dimly lit environment filled with floating orbs. The focus returns to the man in the armored suit as he stands alone in darkness. Finally, we see a close-up of his neck adorned with a glowing red collar, indicating some form of control or power over the objects around him.\n\nIn the next sequence, there's a detailed view of various colorful gems on a tray, including red, yellow, and green stones, alongside tools like scissors and needles. This suggests preparation for crafting or manipulation of these items. The camera pans across the tray, highlighting each gem's unique color and shape. Following this, a person in a beige shirt with a red glow around their neck appears focused on something off-screen, possibly manipulating the glowing objects. The final frame shows them still engaged in whatever task they're performing, emphasizing concentration and purposeful action.",gem crafting with red yellow green stones and scissors,57
15,5,pLZGtOiV0C0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLZGtOiV0C0,"The video features a conversation between two individuals in an indoor setting, likely a bar or club with dim lighting and ambient music. The person on the left is wearing a sleeveless top, while the one on the right wears a dark shirt. They are seated at a table with drinks, indicating a relaxed social atmosphere. The dialogue revolves around a past event involving a woman named Charlie who was involved in a relationship with someone named David. The speaker expresses regret for not being able to attend that event due to work commitments. There's also mention of another individual named Eddie, whose name is mentioned twice but not explained further. The overall tone seems reflective and somewhat melancholic, as indicated by the voice-over discussing missed opportunities and personal regrets.",Bar talk about Charlie's relationship with David,41
16,5,pLZGtOiV0C0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLZGtOiV0C0,"The video features a conversation between two individuals in an indoor setting, likely a bar or club with dim lighting and ambient music. The person on the left is wearing a sleeveless top, while the one on the right wears a dark shirt. They are seated at a table with drinks, indicating a relaxed social atmosphere. The dialogue revolves around a past event involving a woman named Charlie who was involved in a relationship with someone named David. The speaker expresses regret for not being able to attend that event due to work commitments. There's also mention of another individual named Eddie, whose name is mentioned twice but not explained further. The overall tone seems reflective and somewhat melancholic, as indicated by the voice-over discussing missed opportunities and personal regrets.",Conversation regret for missing event due to work,41
17,5,pLZGtOiV0C0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLZGtOiV0C0,"The video features a conversation between two individuals in an indoor setting, likely a bar or club with dim lighting and ambient music. The person on the left is wearing a sleeveless top, while the one on the right wears a dark shirt. They are seated at a table with drinks, indicating a relaxed social atmosphere. The dialogue revolves around a past event involving a woman named Charlie who was involved in a relationship with someone named David. The speaker expresses regret for not being able to attend that event due to work commitments. There's also mention of another individual named Eddie, whose name is mentioned twice but not explained further. The overall tone seems reflective and somewhat melancholic, as indicated by the voice-over discussing missed opportunities and personal regrets.",Mention of Eddie in bar discussion,41
18,6,X1fnWZd3TlA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1fnWZd3TlA,"The scene takes place in a dimly lit room with warm lighting, creating an intimate atmosphere. A character is seen holding a walkie-talkie and speaking into it, indicating communication or command. The environment suggests secrecy or urgency, possibly related to the plot of 'Daredevil Born Again'. There's tension as another person approaches cautiously from behind, suggesting a confrontation or mission briefing. The characters are dressed formally; one wears a suit while the other has on casual attire. The setting appears to be indoors, likely within a building given the presence of walls and doorways. Objects like the walkie-talkie and the individuals' clothing add to the narrative context of espionage or covert operations.",Daredevil Born Again walkie‑talkie scene,30
19,6,X1fnWZd3TlA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1fnWZd3TlA,"The scene takes place in a dimly lit room with warm lighting, creating an intimate atmosphere. A character is seen holding a walkie-talkie and speaking into it, indicating communication or command. The environment suggests secrecy or urgency, possibly related to the plot of 'Daredevil Born Again'. There's tension as another person approaches cautiously from behind, suggesting a confrontation or mission briefing. The characters are dressed formally; one wears a suit while the other has on casual attire. The setting appears to be indoors, likely within a building given the presence of walls and doorways. Objects like the walkie-talkie and the individuals' clothing add to the narrative context of espionage or covert operations.",covert operation indoors with walkie‑talkie,30
20,6,X1fnWZd3TlA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1fnWZd3TlA,"The scene takes place in a dimly lit room with warm lighting, creating an intimate atmosphere. A character is seen holding a walkie-talkie and speaking into it, indicating communication or command. The environment suggests secrecy or urgency, possibly related to the plot of 'Daredevil Born Again'. There's tension as another person approaches cautiously from behind, suggesting a confrontation or mission briefing. The characters are dressed formally; one wears a suit while the other has on casual attire. The setting appears to be indoors, likely within a building given the presence of walls and doorways. Objects like the walkie-talkie and the individuals' clothing add to the narrative context of espionage or covert operations.",formal suit vs casual attire confrontation in dimly lit room,30
21,7,6k8A1ekm7nc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6k8A1ekm7nc,"The video opens with a close-up of hands wearing black gloves, picking up blueberries from a wooden surface. The scene transitions to an outdoor setting where the same person is seen in casual attire, including a dark jacket and cap, standing near a red structure that could be part of a food stall or market area. A sign reading 'CHAU' (goodbye) appears briefly before returning to the individual who seems to be engaged in conversation or observing something off-camera. The background includes other people and structures typical of a busy urban environment. The focus shifts between the person's upper body and their surroundings, showing glimpses of various objects like a newspaper, a lollipop, and colorful items on display at a nearby stand. The lighting suggests daytime, and the overall atmosphere is bustling yet calm.",black gloves picking blueberries,59
22,7,6k8A1ekm7nc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6k8A1ekm7nc,"The video opens with a close-up of hands wearing black gloves, picking up blueberries from a wooden surface. The scene transitions to an outdoor setting where the same person is seen in casual attire, including a dark jacket and cap, standing near a red structure that could be part of a food stall or market area. A sign reading 'CHAU' (goodbye) appears briefly before returning to the individual who seems to be engaged in conversation or observing something off-camera. The background includes other people and structures typical of a busy urban environment. The focus shifts between the person's upper body and their surroundings, showing glimpses of various objects like a newspaper, a lollipop, and colorful items on display at a nearby stand. The lighting suggests daytime, and the overall atmosphere is bustling yet calm.",person in dark jacket near red stall,59
23,7,6k8A1ekm7nc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6k8A1ekm7nc,"The video opens with a close-up of hands wearing black gloves, picking up blueberries from a wooden surface. The scene transitions to an outdoor setting where the same person is seen in casual attire, including a dark jacket and cap, standing near a red structure that could be part of a food stall or market area. A sign reading 'CHAU' (goodbye) appears briefly before returning to the individual who seems to be engaged in conversation or observing something off-camera. The background includes other people and structures typical of a busy urban environment. The focus shifts between the person's upper body and their surroundings, showing glimpses of various objects like a newspaper, a lollipop, and colorful items on display at a nearby stand. The lighting suggests daytime, and the overall atmosphere is bustling yet calm.",CHAU sign in urban market,59
24,8,7PRvKdA6Ypw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PRvKdA6Ypw,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in distress, followed by text overlays that suggest the theme is about 'lightning bolts' and 'thunderbolts.' The scene shifts to an office setting where someone sits on a chair while another stands nearby. A metallic object resembling a bolt appears against a yellow background, hinting at its significance. The next frame shows a chaotic cityscape with people running, indicating urgency or danger. Another shot depicts a character in a white lab coat eating from a plate amidst messy surroundings, suggesting a moment of distraction or carelessness. Subsequent frames show individuals standing together in what seems like a serious discussion, possibly related to the previous scenes. The final frame features a character in a suit flying through the air, implying action or escape.",distressed person lightning bolt office scene,37
25,8,7PRvKdA6Ypw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PRvKdA6Ypw,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in distress, followed by text overlays that suggest the theme is about 'lightning bolts' and 'thunderbolts.' The scene shifts to an office setting where someone sits on a chair while another stands nearby. A metallic object resembling a bolt appears against a yellow background, hinting at its significance. The next frame shows a chaotic cityscape with people running, indicating urgency or danger. Another shot depicts a character in a white lab coat eating from a plate amidst messy surroundings, suggesting a moment of distraction or carelessness. Subsequent frames show individuals standing together in what seems like a serious discussion, possibly related to the previous scenes. The final frame features a character in a suit flying through the air, implying action or escape.",metallic bolt yellow background city chaos,37
26,8,7PRvKdA6Ypw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PRvKdA6Ypw,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in distress, followed by text overlays that suggest the theme is about 'lightning bolts' and 'thunderbolts.' The scene shifts to an office setting where someone sits on a chair while another stands nearby. A metallic object resembling a bolt appears against a yellow background, hinting at its significance. The next frame shows a chaotic cityscape with people running, indicating urgency or danger. Another shot depicts a character in a white lab coat eating from a plate amidst messy surroundings, suggesting a moment of distraction or carelessness. Subsequent frames show individuals standing together in what seems like a serious discussion, possibly related to the previous scenes. The final frame features a character in a suit flying through the air, implying action or escape.",lab coat eating messy surroundings discussion flying suit,37
27,9,Cd8XxwJrKy4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cd8XxwJrKy4,"The video opens with a close-up of hands working on a machine, transitioning to an outdoor scene where two individuals are seen in a futuristic setting. The focus shifts to a person wearing a helmet and suit, followed by another individual holding a weapon amidst chaos. A montage shows various scenes including intense action sequences, explosions, and characters engaged in combat. There's also footage of people conversing indoors, one character speaking into a microphone while others listen attentively. The environment is dynamic, filled with bright lights and fast-paced movements. Objects like weapons, helmets, and machinery dominate the visual palette, suggesting a high-tech or science fiction theme. Colors range from warm yellows and oranges to cool blues and reds, adding depth to the visuals.",future tech weapon chaos montage,37
28,9,Cd8XxwJrKy4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cd8XxwJrKy4,"The video opens with a close-up of hands working on a machine, transitioning to an outdoor scene where two individuals are seen in a futuristic setting. The focus shifts to a person wearing a helmet and suit, followed by another individual holding a weapon amidst chaos. A montage shows various scenes including intense action sequences, explosions, and characters engaged in combat. There's also footage of people conversing indoors, one character speaking into a microphone while others listen attentively. The environment is dynamic, filled with bright lights and fast-paced movements. Objects like weapons, helmets, and machinery dominate the visual palette, suggesting a high-tech or science fiction theme. Colors range from warm yellows and oranges to cool blues and reds, adding depth to the visuals.",helmeted soldier in high‑tech combat,37
29,9,Cd8XxwJrKy4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cd8XxwJrKy4,"The video opens with a close-up of hands working on a machine, transitioning to an outdoor scene where two individuals are seen in a futuristic setting. The focus shifts to a person wearing a helmet and suit, followed by another individual holding a weapon amidst chaos. A montage shows various scenes including intense action sequences, explosions, and characters engaged in combat. There's also footage of people conversing indoors, one character speaking into a microphone while others listen attentively. The environment is dynamic, filled with bright lights and fast-paced movements. Objects like weapons, helmets, and machinery dominate the visual palette, suggesting a high-tech or science fiction theme. Colors range from warm yellows and oranges to cool blues and reds, adding depth to the visuals.",machine workshop and explosive action,37
30,10,b0xqSaMj4L8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0xqSaMj4L8,"The video clip opens with a chaotic urban environment where multiple characters are engaged in combat. The setting is dark and gritty, filled with debris and destruction from explosions. Characters like Spider-Man, Iron Man, and other armored figures are seen fighting against robotic adversaries. There's an intense battle scene involving the Avengers as they clash with the robots. A character named 'Spider' appears to be controlling or commanding the action. The lighting varies from bright flashes of energy to dimly lit areas, emphasizing the high-stakes nature of the fight. Explosions and gunfire add to the chaos. In one frame, a character is shown flying through the air amidst rubble and fire. Another frame features a character standing confidently on a rooftop at night, surrounded by flames and smoke.",Avengers battle robots in urban chaos,51
31,10,b0xqSaMj4L8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0xqSaMj4L8,"The video clip opens with a chaotic urban environment where multiple characters are engaged in combat. The setting is dark and gritty, filled with debris and destruction from explosions. Characters like Spider-Man, Iron Man, and other armored figures are seen fighting against robotic adversaries. There's an intense battle scene involving the Avengers as they clash with the robots. A character named 'Spider' appears to be controlling or commanding the action. The lighting varies from bright flashes of energy to dimly lit areas, emphasizing the high-stakes nature of the fight. Explosions and gunfire add to the chaos. In one frame, a character is shown flying through the air amidst rubble and fire. Another frame features a character standing confidently on a rooftop at night, surrounded by flames and smoke.",Spider-Man leading fight over rubble and fire,51
32,10,b0xqSaMj4L8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0xqSaMj4L8,"The video clip opens with a chaotic urban environment where multiple characters are engaged in combat. The setting is dark and gritty, filled with debris and destruction from explosions. Characters like Spider-Man, Iron Man, and other armored figures are seen fighting against robotic adversaries. There's an intense battle scene involving the Avengers as they clash with the robots. A character named 'Spider' appears to be controlling or commanding the action. The lighting varies from bright flashes of energy to dimly lit areas, emphasizing the high-stakes nature of the fight. Explosions and gunfire add to the chaos. In one frame, a character is shown flying through the air amidst rubble and fire. Another frame features a character standing confidently on a rooftop at night, surrounded by flames and smoke.",Iron Man flying through explosion-filled city,51
33,11,1tnP1C3nX2k.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tnP1C3nX2k,"The video features a series of intense and dramatic scenes from the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It begins with a character in a red suit, possibly Iron Man, standing against a dark background with text overlays indicating a conversation about America's role in the universe. The scene shifts to another character wearing a black helmet with intricate designs, suggesting a moment of contemplation or confrontation. A close-up follows of an individual in a blue uniform adorned with silver stars, hinting at a formal or authoritative position within the narrative. Subsequent frames show characters in various costumes, including one in a metallic suit with glowing elements, implying advanced technology and power. Another frame shows a character in a black armored suit with gold accents, emphasizing strength and readiness for action. The final segment depicts a character in a white outfit walking confidently through what appears to be a high-tech environment, followed by a close-up of feet clad in sandals on a gray floor, adding to the sense of movement and urgency.",Iron Man red suit MCU scene,50
34,11,1tnP1C3nX2k.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tnP1C3nX2k,"The video features a series of intense and dramatic scenes from the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It begins with a character in a red suit, possibly Iron Man, standing against a dark background with text overlays indicating a conversation about America's role in the universe. The scene shifts to another character wearing a black helmet with intricate designs, suggesting a moment of contemplation or confrontation. A close-up follows of an individual in a blue uniform adorned with silver stars, hinting at a formal or authoritative position within the narrative. Subsequent frames show characters in various costumes, including one in a metallic suit with glowing elements, implying advanced technology and power. Another frame shows a character in a black armored suit with gold accents, emphasizing strength and readiness for action. The final segment depicts a character in a white outfit walking confidently through what appears to be a high-tech environment, followed by a close-up of feet clad in sandals on a gray floor, adding to the sense of movement and urgency.",Captain America blue uniform silver stars,50
35,11,1tnP1C3nX2k.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tnP1C3nX2k,"The video features a series of intense and dramatic scenes from the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It begins with a character in a red suit, possibly Iron Man, standing against a dark background with text overlays indicating a conversation about America's role in the universe. The scene shifts to another character wearing a black helmet with intricate designs, suggesting a moment of contemplation or confrontation. A close-up follows of an individual in a blue uniform adorned with silver stars, hinting at a formal or authoritative position within the narrative. Subsequent frames show characters in various costumes, including one in a metallic suit with glowing elements, implying advanced technology and power. Another frame shows a character in a black armored suit with gold accents, emphasizing strength and readiness for action. The final segment depicts a character in a white outfit walking confidently through what appears to be a high-tech environment, followed by a close-up of feet clad in sandals on a gray floor, adding to the sense of movement and urgency.",Black Panther black armored suit gold accents,50
36,12,7zijauJVnZE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zijauJVnZE,"The video features a tense conversation between two characters, one with long dark hair and the other with blonde hair. The setting appears to be indoors at night or in a dimly lit room, suggesting an intimate yet serious atmosphere. The character with dark hair is seen holding a bottle of sauce, indicating they might have been cooking or preparing something. They express concern about their friend's well-being after learning that someone named Yelena made macaroni for them. The blonde-haired character responds by saying they wanted to make food but realized it was too late due to hunger. This leads to a discussion about whether they should fight over the remaining food, which seems to be a source of tension between them.",dark-haired character bottle of sauce conversation,52
37,12,7zijauJVnZE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zijauJVnZE,"The video features a tense conversation between two characters, one with long dark hair and the other with blonde hair. The setting appears to be indoors at night or in a dimly lit room, suggesting an intimate yet serious atmosphere. The character with dark hair is seen holding a bottle of sauce, indicating they might have been cooking or preparing something. They express concern about their friend's well-being after learning that someone named Yelena made macaroni for them. The blonde-haired character responds by saying they wanted to make food but realized it was too late due to hunger. This leads to a discussion about whether they should fight over the remaining food, which seems to be a source of tension between them.",blonde-haired character food hunger conflict,52
38,12,7zijauJVnZE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zijauJVnZE,"The video features a tense conversation between two characters, one with long dark hair and the other with blonde hair. The setting appears to be indoors at night or in a dimly lit room, suggesting an intimate yet serious atmosphere. The character with dark hair is seen holding a bottle of sauce, indicating they might have been cooking or preparing something. They express concern about their friend's well-being after learning that someone named Yelena made macaroni for them. The blonde-haired character responds by saying they wanted to make food but realized it was too late due to hunger. This leads to a discussion about whether they should fight over the remaining food, which seems to be a source of tension between them.",Yelena macaroni friend concern,52
39,13,QKxlWloBW2o.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKxlWloBW2o,"The video features a person in a dark blue shirt sitting at a desk with a tablet and keyboard, drawing on the screen. The environment is an indoor setting with bookshelves filled with various books in the background. Initially, the person sketches a character's face using black ink, adding details like hair texture and facial features. They then draw another character's head and neck, focusing on shading to create depth. Throughout these scenes, the lighting remains consistent, highlighting the workspace and the artist's hand movements as they work. In one frame, text appears over the image of the sketching process, possibly indicating steps or tips for drawing. Towards the end, there are promotional images from 'Marvel Animation' featuring characters like Spider-Man and Deadpool, suggesting that this content may be related to comic book adaptations or fan art.",artist sketching character faces on a tablet,52
40,13,QKxlWloBW2o.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKxlWloBW2o,"The video features a person in a dark blue shirt sitting at a desk with a tablet and keyboard, drawing on the screen. The environment is an indoor setting with bookshelves filled with various books in the background. Initially, the person sketches a character's face using black ink, adding details like hair texture and facial features. They then draw another character's head and neck, focusing on shading to create depth. Throughout these scenes, the lighting remains consistent, highlighting the workspace and the artist's hand movements as they work. In one frame, text appears over the image of the sketching process, possibly indicating steps or tips for drawing. Towards the end, there are promotional images from 'Marvel Animation' featuring characters like Spider-Man and Deadpool, suggesting that this content may be related to comic book adaptations or fan art.",drawing character face with shading tips,52
41,13,QKxlWloBW2o.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKxlWloBW2o,"The video features a person in a dark blue shirt sitting at a desk with a tablet and keyboard, drawing on the screen. The environment is an indoor setting with bookshelves filled with various books in the background. Initially, the person sketches a character's face using black ink, adding details like hair texture and facial features. They then draw another character's head and neck, focusing on shading to create depth. Throughout these scenes, the lighting remains consistent, highlighting the workspace and the artist's hand movements as they work. In one frame, text appears over the image of the sketching process, possibly indicating steps or tips for drawing. Towards the end, there are promotional images from 'Marvel Animation' featuring characters like Spider-Man and Deadpool, suggesting that this content may be related to comic book adaptations or fan art.",Marvel Animation promotional artwork featuring Spider‑Man and Deadpool,52
42,14,x0-ZshsV35I.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0-ZshsV35I,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters in dark attire, one holding what appears to be a weapon. The scene shifts to an indoor setting where another character is seen from behind, suggesting they are part of the same group or team. A close-up follows of a person's hand operating machinery, indicating some form of control or operation. Subsequently, there's a wide shot showing multiple vehicles on a road, implying travel or movement across different locations. Another frame shows a motorcycle speeding down a deserted street, hinting at action or escape. The final frames depict a chaotic environment with debris and people running, possibly after an event has occurred. Throughout these scenes, text overlays such as 'WE ARE THE THUNDERBOLTS' and 'THE THUN DER BOLT S' appear, reinforcing the theme of the group's identity.",Thunderbolts action scene,29
43,14,x0-ZshsV35I.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0-ZshsV35I,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters in dark attire, one holding what appears to be a weapon. The scene shifts to an indoor setting where another character is seen from behind, suggesting they are part of the same group or team. A close-up follows of a person's hand operating machinery, indicating some form of control or operation. Subsequently, there's a wide shot showing multiple vehicles on a road, implying travel or movement across different locations. Another frame shows a motorcycle speeding down a deserted street, hinting at action or escape. The final frames depict a chaotic environment with debris and people running, possibly after an event has occurred. Throughout these scenes, text overlays such as 'WE ARE THE THUNDERBOLTS' and 'THE THUN DER BOLT S' appear, reinforcing the theme of the group's identity.",Thunderbolts vehicle chase,29
44,14,x0-ZshsV35I.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0-ZshsV35I,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters in dark attire, one holding what appears to be a weapon. The scene shifts to an indoor setting where another character is seen from behind, suggesting they are part of the same group or team. A close-up follows of a person's hand operating machinery, indicating some form of control or operation. Subsequently, there's a wide shot showing multiple vehicles on a road, implying travel or movement across different locations. Another frame shows a motorcycle speeding down a deserted street, hinting at action or escape. The final frames depict a chaotic environment with debris and people running, possibly after an event has occurred. Throughout these scenes, text overlays such as 'WE ARE THE THUNDERBOLTS' and 'THE THUN DER BOLT S' appear, reinforcing the theme of the group's identity.",Thunderbolts text overlay,29
45,15,PNB7t-gXOYY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNB7t-gXOYY,"The video begins with a man in a suit and hat driving a red limousine, followed by the car speeding down a street. The scene transitions to an outdoor setting where the same man stands next to the limousine, then opens its door for someone inside. He exits the vehicle and walks towards two women dressed in white outfits; one is holding a box of snacks. They enter through an 'EXIT' sign on a building wall. Inside, they are greeted by another man in casual attire who shakes hands with them before walking away. The group enters a theater or auditorium area, where they stand together as the camera focuses on their expressions. A woman in a white dress speaks into a microphone while others listen attentively. The final frame shows the limousine being transported on a flatbed truck outside a grand building, indicating it's ready for transport.",Red limousine entrance to theater,53
46,15,PNB7t-gXOYY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNB7t-gXOYY,"The video begins with a man in a suit and hat driving a red limousine, followed by the car speeding down a street. The scene transitions to an outdoor setting where the same man stands next to the limousine, then opens its door for someone inside. He exits the vehicle and walks towards two women dressed in white outfits; one is holding a box of snacks. They enter through an 'EXIT' sign on a building wall. Inside, they are greeted by another man in casual attire who shakes hands with them before walking away. The group enters a theater or auditorium area, where they stand together as the camera focuses on their expressions. A woman in a white dress speaks into a microphone while others listen attentively. The final frame shows the limousine being transported on a flatbed truck outside a grand building, indicating it's ready for transport.",White dress speaker in auditorium,53
47,15,PNB7t-gXOYY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNB7t-gXOYY,"The video begins with a man in a suit and hat driving a red limousine, followed by the car speeding down a street. The scene transitions to an outdoor setting where the same man stands next to the limousine, then opens its door for someone inside. He exits the vehicle and walks towards two women dressed in white outfits; one is holding a box of snacks. They enter through an 'EXIT' sign on a building wall. Inside, they are greeted by another man in casual attire who shakes hands with them before walking away. The group enters a theater or auditorium area, where they stand together as the camera focuses on their expressions. A woman in a white dress speaks into a microphone while others listen attentively. The final frame shows the limousine being transported on a flatbed truck outside a grand building, indicating it's ready for transport.",Limousine flatbed transport outside grand building,53
48,16,tvbHA_fSpNQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvbHA_fSpNQ,"The video opens with a silhouette of a character against an overcast sky, suggesting mystery and anticipation. The scene shifts to a group in a cityscape setting, one person holding a camera, indicating surveillance or investigation. A close-up follows, focusing on the back of another individual's head, hinting at personal reflection or introspection. The next frame shows a figure running through what appears to be a desert environment during sunset, conveying urgency or escape. Another shot depicts someone sitting alone in a hospital room, possibly reflecting on their situation or awaiting news. The final frames show a character standing confidently in front of a window, followed by text overlays that suggest themes of survival, danger, and potential threats.",silhouette overcast sky mysterious figure,23
49,16,tvbHA_fSpNQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvbHA_fSpNQ,"The video opens with a silhouette of a character against an overcast sky, suggesting mystery and anticipation. The scene shifts to a group in a cityscape setting, one person holding a camera, indicating surveillance or investigation. A close-up follows, focusing on the back of another individual's head, hinting at personal reflection or introspection. The next frame shows a figure running through what appears to be a desert environment during sunset, conveying urgency or escape. Another shot depicts someone sitting alone in a hospital room, possibly reflecting on their situation or awaiting news. The final frames show a character standing confidently in front of a window, followed by text overlays that suggest themes of survival, danger, and potential threats.",cityscape group with camera surveillance,23
50,16,tvbHA_fSpNQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvbHA_fSpNQ,"The video opens with a silhouette of a character against an overcast sky, suggesting mystery and anticipation. The scene shifts to a group in a cityscape setting, one person holding a camera, indicating surveillance or investigation. A close-up follows, focusing on the back of another individual's head, hinting at personal reflection or introspection. The next frame shows a figure running through what appears to be a desert environment during sunset, conveying urgency or escape. Another shot depicts someone sitting alone in a hospital room, possibly reflecting on their situation or awaiting news. The final frames show a character standing confidently in front of a window, followed by text overlays that suggest themes of survival, danger, and potential threats.",desert sunset run escape,23
51,17,uk54rGZcoBo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk54rGZcoBo,"The video features a conversation between two characters, one in a gray sweater and the other in a dark outfit. The setting appears to be an indoor room with warm lighting, possibly during evening or night time given the darkness outside the window. They discuss their experiences with Halloween costumes, specifically focusing on 'embrassing' ones. The person in gray mentions wearing a white shirt for a costume but feeling uncomfortable about it. The character in dark attire responds by saying they don't feel like wearing anything else that day. There's also mention of a California raisin bag being used as part of the costume. Throughout the dialogue, there are subtitles providing context to what is being said.",Halloween costume embarrassment conversation,46
52,17,uk54rGZcoBo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk54rGZcoBo,"The video features a conversation between two characters, one in a gray sweater and the other in a dark outfit. The setting appears to be an indoor room with warm lighting, possibly during evening or night time given the darkness outside the window. They discuss their experiences with Halloween costumes, specifically focusing on 'embrassing' ones. The person in gray mentions wearing a white shirt for a costume but feeling uncomfortable about it. The character in dark attire responds by saying they don't feel like wearing anything else that day. There's also mention of a California raisin bag being used as part of the costume. Throughout the dialogue, there are subtitles providing context to what is being said.",gray sweater person wearing white shirt costume,46
53,17,uk54rGZcoBo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk54rGZcoBo,"The video features a conversation between two characters, one in a gray sweater and the other in a dark outfit. The setting appears to be an indoor room with warm lighting, possibly during evening or night time given the darkness outside the window. They discuss their experiences with Halloween costumes, specifically focusing on 'embrassing' ones. The person in gray mentions wearing a white shirt for a costume but feeling uncomfortable about it. The character in dark attire responds by saying they don't feel like wearing anything else that day. There's also mention of a California raisin bag being used as part of the costume. Throughout the dialogue, there are subtitles providing context to what is being said.",California raisin bag used in costume,46
54,18,XxRXimrUhd0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxRXimrUhd0,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a futuristic suit, transitioning to another character in a similar outfit. The scene shifts to show the first person being attacked by someone off-screen, followed by a quick cut to a man in a suit reacting to the situation. A chaotic fight ensues between two characters; one is dressed in red and black while the other wears white armor. The environment appears tense and action-packed, filled with debris and urgency. Text overlays indicate that this is part of a larger narrative involving 'Every cell in my body' and 'They weaponized me.' There's also mention of 'spied for them,' suggesting espionage or infiltration. The final frames depict a character lying on the ground amidst destruction, indicating defeat or surrender.",futuristic suit battle red and black vs white armor,36
55,18,XxRXimrUhd0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxRXimrUhd0,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a futuristic suit, transitioning to another character in a similar outfit. The scene shifts to show the first person being attacked by someone off-screen, followed by a quick cut to a man in a suit reacting to the situation. A chaotic fight ensues between two characters; one is dressed in red and black while the other wears white armor. The environment appears tense and action-packed, filled with debris and urgency. Text overlays indicate that this is part of a larger narrative involving 'Every cell in my body' and 'They weaponized me.' There's also mention of 'spied for them,' suggesting espionage or infiltration. The final frames depict a character lying on the ground amidst destruction, indicating defeat or surrender.",weaponized me espionage fight scene,36
56,18,XxRXimrUhd0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxRXimrUhd0,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a futuristic suit, transitioning to another character in a similar outfit. The scene shifts to show the first person being attacked by someone off-screen, followed by a quick cut to a man in a suit reacting to the situation. A chaotic fight ensues between two characters; one is dressed in red and black while the other wears white armor. The environment appears tense and action-packed, filled with debris and urgency. Text overlays indicate that this is part of a larger narrative involving 'Every cell in my body' and 'They weaponized me.' There's also mention of 'spied for them,' suggesting espionage or infiltration. The final frames depict a character lying on the ground amidst destruction, indicating defeat or surrender.",every cell in my body narrative,36
57,19,okZc9azARzk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okZc9azARzk,"The video captures a lively event where a group of people, including men and women dressed in formal attire such as suits and elegant dresses, are gathered around a promotional poster for 'New Avengers.' The central figure is a woman in a light green dress who appears to be the focus. She reaches out towards the poster with excitement, pointing at it while others react enthusiastically. The atmosphere is celebratory, indicated by clapping hands and animated gestures. The environment suggests an indoor setting with dim lighting that highlights the subjects on stage. The backdrop features dark curtains, adding to the theatrical ambiance. A yellow ribbon or banner is being held up by one individual, possibly indicating a special announcement or reveal related to the movie.",New Avengers promo poster event with attendees in suits and dresses,20
58,19,okZc9azARzk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okZc9azARzk,"The video captures a lively event where a group of people, including men and women dressed in formal attire such as suits and elegant dresses, are gathered around a promotional poster for 'New Avengers.' The central figure is a woman in a light green dress who appears to be the focus. She reaches out towards the poster with excitement, pointing at it while others react enthusiastically. The atmosphere is celebratory, indicated by clapping hands and animated gestures. The environment suggests an indoor setting with dim lighting that highlights the subjects on stage. The backdrop features dark curtains, adding to the theatrical ambiance. A yellow ribbon or banner is being held up by one individual, possibly indicating a special announcement or reveal related to the movie.",woman in light green dress pointing at New Avengers poster,20
59,19,okZc9azARzk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okZc9azARzk,"The video captures a lively event where a group of people, including men and women dressed in formal attire such as suits and elegant dresses, are gathered around a promotional poster for 'New Avengers.' The central figure is a woman in a light green dress who appears to be the focus. She reaches out towards the poster with excitement, pointing at it while others react enthusiastically. The atmosphere is celebratory, indicated by clapping hands and animated gestures. The environment suggests an indoor setting with dim lighting that highlights the subjects on stage. The backdrop features dark curtains, adding to the theatrical ambiance. A yellow ribbon or banner is being held up by one individual, possibly indicating a special announcement or reveal related to the movie.",yellow ribbon announcement during New Avengers promotional event,20
60,20,O7Upbvyi7CY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7Upbvyi7CY,"The video features a character in a red and gold suit, presumably Iron Man, standing against an overcast sky. The scene cuts to another character dressed as Spider-Man lying on the ground with a distressed expression. Text overlays indicate that this is when the 5-minute nap turns into 5 hours. The environment appears to be outdoors during daylight with no other characters or significant objects visible except for scattered debris around the Spider-Man figure.",Iron Man red gold suit overcast sky,12
61,20,O7Upbvyi7CY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7Upbvyi7CY,"The video features a character in a red and gold suit, presumably Iron Man, standing against an overcast sky. The scene cuts to another character dressed as Spider-Man lying on the ground with a distressed expression. Text overlays indicate that this is when the 5-minute nap turns into 5 hours. The environment appears to be outdoors during daylight with no other characters or significant objects visible except for scattered debris around the Spider-Man figure.",Spider‑Man lying distressed after nap,12
62,20,O7Upbvyi7CY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7Upbvyi7CY,"The video features a character in a red and gold suit, presumably Iron Man, standing against an overcast sky. The scene cuts to another character dressed as Spider-Man lying on the ground with a distressed expression. Text overlays indicate that this is when the 5-minute nap turns into 5 hours. The environment appears to be outdoors during daylight with no other characters or significant objects visible except for scattered debris around the Spider-Man figure.",5‑minute nap turns into 5 hours scene,12
63,21,6IuU7lFClZI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6IuU7lFClZI,"The video features a man standing on what appears to be a red carpet at an event, likely related to the 'Thor: Ragnarok' movie. He is dressed in a formal grey suit with black lapels and a white shirt underneath. His hands are casually tucked into his pockets as he stands confidently facing forward. The background includes large yellow geometric shapes that resemble stylized wings or stars, which are part of the event's branding for the film. There's also text visible on the ground beneath him that reads 'THUNDERBOLTS,' indicating the theme or title associated with the event. The lighting suggests it might be daytime due to the natural light casting soft shadows around the subject.",Thor Ragnarok red carpet interview,10
64,21,6IuU7lFClZI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6IuU7lFClZI,"The video features a man standing on what appears to be a red carpet at an event, likely related to the 'Thor: Ragnarok' movie. He is dressed in a formal grey suit with black lapels and a white shirt underneath. His hands are casually tucked into his pockets as he stands confidently facing forward. The background includes large yellow geometric shapes that resemble stylized wings or stars, which are part of the event's branding for the film. There's also text visible on the ground beneath him that reads 'THUNDERBOLTS,' indicating the theme or title associated with the event. The lighting suggests it might be daytime due to the natural light casting soft shadows around the subject.",Thor Ragnarok thunderbolts event branding,10
65,21,6IuU7lFClZI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6IuU7lFClZI,"The video features a man standing on what appears to be a red carpet at an event, likely related to the 'Thor: Ragnarok' movie. He is dressed in a formal grey suit with black lapels and a white shirt underneath. His hands are casually tucked into his pockets as he stands confidently facing forward. The background includes large yellow geometric shapes that resemble stylized wings or stars, which are part of the event's branding for the film. There's also text visible on the ground beneath him that reads 'THUNDERBOLTS,' indicating the theme or title associated with the event. The lighting suggests it might be daytime due to the natural light casting soft shadows around the subject.",Thor Ragnarok yellow geometric shapes,10
66,22,rIQbwfBf52Y.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIQbwfBf52Y,"The video takes place at a movie premiere event, indicated by the 'Marvel Studios Thunderbolts' backdrop and the 'Avengers: Endgame' poster. Two women are present; one is wearing a vibrant yellow dress with an elaborate train that extends behind her, while the other wears a light green gown with ruffled details. They appear to be posing for photos or preparing for their walk on the red carpet. The environment suggests it's evening as artificial lighting illuminates the scene. A man in a black suit gestures towards the woman in yellow, possibly directing or assisting her. Both women smile and interact with each other, showcasing camaraderie and excitement typical of such events.",Marvel Thunderbolts premiere red carpet,14
67,22,rIQbwfBf52Y.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIQbwfBf52Y,"The video takes place at a movie premiere event, indicated by the 'Marvel Studios Thunderbolts' backdrop and the 'Avengers: Endgame' poster. Two women are present; one is wearing a vibrant yellow dress with an elaborate train that extends behind her, while the other wears a light green gown with ruffled details. They appear to be posing for photos or preparing for their walk on the red carpet. The environment suggests it's evening as artificial lighting illuminates the scene. A man in a black suit gestures towards the woman in yellow, possibly directing or assisting her. Both women smile and interact with each other, showcasing camaraderie and excitement typical of such events.",yellow dress premiere woman Marvel Studios,14
68,22,rIQbwfBf52Y.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIQbwfBf52Y,"The video takes place at a movie premiere event, indicated by the 'Marvel Studios Thunderbolts' backdrop and the 'Avengers: Endgame' poster. Two women are present; one is wearing a vibrant yellow dress with an elaborate train that extends behind her, while the other wears a light green gown with ruffled details. They appear to be posing for photos or preparing for their walk on the red carpet. The environment suggests it's evening as artificial lighting illuminates the scene. A man in a black suit gestures towards the woman in yellow, possibly directing or assisting her. Both women smile and interact with each other, showcasing camaraderie and excitement typical of such events.",green gown red carpet event,14
69,23,zrcGTeMmg9g.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrcGTeMmg9g,"The video features two individuals standing side by side against a dark background. The person on the left is dressed in a black leather jacket and cap, while the one on the right wears a formal suit with a tie. Both are positioned facing forward, hands either behind their back or clasped together. Their attire suggests a contrast between casual and professional styles. As they stand still, there's no significant movement from them; however, slight shifts in posture can be observed as they appear to be speaking or reacting to something off-camera. The lighting focuses on them, casting soft shadows around them, which gives prominence to their presence without drawing attention away from each other.",black leather jacket vs formal suit duo,17
70,23,zrcGTeMmg9g.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrcGTeMmg9g,"The video features two individuals standing side by side against a dark background. The person on the left is dressed in a black leather jacket and cap, while the one on the right wears a formal suit with a tie. Both are positioned facing forward, hands either behind their back or clasped together. Their attire suggests a contrast between casual and professional styles. As they stand still, there's no significant movement from them; however, slight shifts in posture can be observed as they appear to be speaking or reacting to something off-camera. The lighting focuses on them, casting soft shadows around them, which gives prominence to their presence without drawing attention away from each other.",two men side by side dark background,17
71,23,zrcGTeMmg9g.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrcGTeMmg9g,"The video features two individuals standing side by side against a dark background. The person on the left is dressed in a black leather jacket and cap, while the one on the right wears a formal suit with a tie. Both are positioned facing forward, hands either behind their back or clasped together. Their attire suggests a contrast between casual and professional styles. As they stand still, there's no significant movement from them; however, slight shifts in posture can be observed as they appear to be speaking or reacting to something off-camera. The lighting focuses on them, casting soft shadows around them, which gives prominence to their presence without drawing attention away from each other.",casual black jacket and professional suit confrontation,17
72,24,cVMTRzcaX0g.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVMTRzcaX0g,"The video opens with a title card reading 'BE THE FIRST' against a dark background, followed by another title card stating 'TO WATCH'. The scene shifts to an outdoor setting where two individuals are seen conversing in what appears to be a forested area. Next, the clip transitions to a dramatic sequence featuring a character leaping through the air amidst flames and destruction, suggesting action or conflict. Another frame shows a character standing triumphantly atop rubble, indicating victory or power. Subsequently, there's a close-up of hands pressing down on something resembling a seal, which could imply authority or control. A figure is then shown running inside a grand hall, hinting at urgency or escape. Finally, we see a character flying swiftly across the sky, showcasing speed and agility.",forest conversation action scene,31
73,24,cVMTRzcaX0g.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVMTRzcaX0g,"The video opens with a title card reading 'BE THE FIRST' against a dark background, followed by another title card stating 'TO WATCH'. The scene shifts to an outdoor setting where two individuals are seen conversing in what appears to be a forested area. Next, the clip transitions to a dramatic sequence featuring a character leaping through the air amidst flames and destruction, suggesting action or conflict. Another frame shows a character standing triumphantly atop rubble, indicating victory or power. Subsequently, there's a close-up of hands pressing down on something resembling a seal, which could imply authority or control. A figure is then shown running inside a grand hall, hinting at urgency or escape. Finally, we see a character flying swiftly across the sky, showcasing speed and agility.",character leaping through flames,31
74,24,cVMTRzcaX0g.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVMTRzcaX0g,"The video opens with a title card reading 'BE THE FIRST' against a dark background, followed by another title card stating 'TO WATCH'. The scene shifts to an outdoor setting where two individuals are seen conversing in what appears to be a forested area. Next, the clip transitions to a dramatic sequence featuring a character leaping through the air amidst flames and destruction, suggesting action or conflict. Another frame shows a character standing triumphantly atop rubble, indicating victory or power. Subsequently, there's a close-up of hands pressing down on something resembling a seal, which could imply authority or control. A figure is then shown running inside a grand hall, hinting at urgency or escape. Finally, we see a character flying swiftly across the sky, showcasing speed and agility.",character flying across sky,31
75,25,nhm4mzK0NrQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhm4mzK0NrQ,"The video features a character in a red and blue suit with glowing elements, holding a futuristic weapon. The environment is dark and industrial-looking, suggesting an advanced setting possibly within a spaceship or high-tech facility. Text overlays appear throughout the clip, indicating dialogue between characters. One character asks about what they do for service, to which another responds that they are not from Earth but from Missouri. This leads to confusion as one character questions if they are not with Thanos, leading to a confrontation where it's revealed that the person is actually Thor. The lighting remains consistent, emphasizing the serious tone of the conversation.",Thor in red and blue suit conversation,35
76,25,nhm4mzK0NrQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhm4mzK0NrQ,"The video features a character in a red and blue suit with glowing elements, holding a futuristic weapon. The environment is dark and industrial-looking, suggesting an advanced setting possibly within a spaceship or high-tech facility. Text overlays appear throughout the clip, indicating dialogue between characters. One character asks about what they do for service, to which another responds that they are not from Earth but from Missouri. This leads to confusion as one character questions if they are not with Thanos, leading to a confrontation where it's revealed that the person is actually Thor. The lighting remains consistent, emphasizing the serious tone of the conversation.",Thor confrontation with Thanos,35
77,25,nhm4mzK0NrQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhm4mzK0NrQ,"The video features a character in a red and blue suit with glowing elements, holding a futuristic weapon. The environment is dark and industrial-looking, suggesting an advanced setting possibly within a spaceship or high-tech facility. Text overlays appear throughout the clip, indicating dialogue between characters. One character asks about what they do for service, to which another responds that they are not from Earth but from Missouri. This leads to confusion as one character questions if they are not with Thanos, leading to a confrontation where it's revealed that the person is actually Thor. The lighting remains consistent, emphasizing the serious tone of the conversation.",Thor holding futuristic weapon in dark industrial setting,35
78,26,j3-feJCxxnE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3-feJCxxnE,"The video features a series of animated frames from the 'Go Ravens!' comic book, showcasing various characters and their interactions. The first frame shows two characters in green suits with the text 'My name is Norman Osborn.' The second frame depicts a character in a lab coat asking if they can work in a real lab. In the third frame, another character holds a football while saying he's been an OSB for 10 years. The fourth frame displays a character holding a pen and writing on a piece of paper. The final frame presents a character standing next to Captain America, suggesting that Norman was once a leader in the industry. Throughout these frames, there are references to Disney+ streaming services, indicating promotional content related to Marvel movies.",Go Ravens Norman Osborn animated comic,18
79,26,j3-feJCxxnE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3-feJCxxnE,"The video features a series of animated frames from the 'Go Ravens!' comic book, showcasing various characters and their interactions. The first frame shows two characters in green suits with the text 'My name is Norman Osborn.' The second frame depicts a character in a lab coat asking if they can work in a real lab. In the third frame, another character holds a football while saying he's been an OSB for 10 years. The fourth frame displays a character holding a pen and writing on a piece of paper. The final frame presents a character standing next to Captain America, suggesting that Norman was once a leader in the industry. Throughout these frames, there are references to Disney+ streaming services, indicating promotional content related to Marvel movies.",Disney+ Marvel promo Go Ravens comic,18
80,26,j3-feJCxxnE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3-feJCxxnE,"The video features a series of animated frames from the 'Go Ravens!' comic book, showcasing various characters and their interactions. The first frame shows two characters in green suits with the text 'My name is Norman Osborn.' The second frame depicts a character in a lab coat asking if they can work in a real lab. In the third frame, another character holds a football while saying he's been an OSB for 10 years. The fourth frame displays a character holding a pen and writing on a piece of paper. The final frame presents a character standing next to Captain America, suggesting that Norman was once a leader in the industry. Throughout these frames, there are references to Disney+ streaming services, indicating promotional content related to Marvel movies.",Captain America Norman Osborn comic interaction,18
81,27,T5wIacfiZAU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5wIacfiZAU,"The video features a character in an orange robe with intricate patterns, standing on what appears to be a grand staircase or platform. The environment suggests a dimly lit, possibly ancient or mystical setting with dark tones and shadows enhancing the mysterious atmosphere. In the background, another figure is partially visible, dressed similarly but facing away from the camera. The scene transitions to show text overlays that read 'How long have you been at Kamar-Taj, Mister...' followed by 'Doctor,' indicating a conversation about time spent at a location named Kamar-Taj. Subsequent frames focus on close-up shots of the first character's face as they speak, emphasizing their words through subtitles like 'it's strange' and 'maybe.' The lighting remains consistent throughout, casting dramatic shadows which contribute to the suspenseful tone of the clip.",Doctor Strange orange robe staircase,15
82,27,T5wIacfiZAU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5wIacfiZAU,"The video features a character in an orange robe with intricate patterns, standing on what appears to be a grand staircase or platform. The environment suggests a dimly lit, possibly ancient or mystical setting with dark tones and shadows enhancing the mysterious atmosphere. In the background, another figure is partially visible, dressed similarly but facing away from the camera. The scene transitions to show text overlays that read 'How long have you been at Kamar-Taj, Mister...' followed by 'Doctor,' indicating a conversation about time spent at a location named Kamar-Taj. Subsequent frames focus on close-up shots of the first character's face as they speak, emphasizing their words through subtitles like 'it's strange' and 'maybe.' The lighting remains consistent throughout, casting dramatic shadows which contribute to the suspenseful tone of the clip.",Kamar‑Taj conversation Mister Doctor,15
83,27,T5wIacfiZAU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5wIacfiZAU,"The video features a character in an orange robe with intricate patterns, standing on what appears to be a grand staircase or platform. The environment suggests a dimly lit, possibly ancient or mystical setting with dark tones and shadows enhancing the mysterious atmosphere. In the background, another figure is partially visible, dressed similarly but facing away from the camera. The scene transitions to show text overlays that read 'How long have you been at Kamar-Taj, Mister...' followed by 'Doctor,' indicating a conversation about time spent at a location named Kamar-Taj. Subsequent frames focus on close-up shots of the first character's face as they speak, emphasizing their words through subtitles like 'it's strange' and 'maybe.' The lighting remains consistent throughout, casting dramatic shadows which contribute to the suspenseful tone of the clip.",orange robe mystical staircase Kamar‑Taj,15
84,28,7SS6BoO4glY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SS6BoO4glY,"The video opens with a close-up of two characters inside a vehicle, one holding a gun. The scene shifts to an outdoor setting where a military vehicle is seen driving on a road surrounded by desert terrain under clear skies. A character in dark clothing rides a motorcycle towards the vehicle and engages in combat using a weapon that shoots projectiles at it. Another shot shows a person riding a motorcycle away from the camera, followed closely by a military vehicle. The final frame displays 'THE NEW GENERATION' logo over a black background, indicating the title or theme of the trailer.",military vehicle desert chase,48
85,28,7SS6BoO4glY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SS6BoO4glY,"The video opens with a close-up of two characters inside a vehicle, one holding a gun. The scene shifts to an outdoor setting where a military vehicle is seen driving on a road surrounded by desert terrain under clear skies. A character in dark clothing rides a motorcycle towards the vehicle and engages in combat using a weapon that shoots projectiles at it. Another shot shows a person riding a motorcycle away from the camera, followed closely by a military vehicle. The final frame displays 'THE NEW GENERATION' logo over a black background, indicating the title or theme of the trailer.",motorcycle projectile attack,48
86,28,7SS6BoO4glY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SS6BoO4glY,"The video opens with a close-up of two characters inside a vehicle, one holding a gun. The scene shifts to an outdoor setting where a military vehicle is seen driving on a road surrounded by desert terrain under clear skies. A character in dark clothing rides a motorcycle towards the vehicle and engages in combat using a weapon that shoots projectiles at it. Another shot shows a person riding a motorcycle away from the camera, followed closely by a military vehicle. The final frame displays 'THE NEW GENERATION' logo over a black background, indicating the title or theme of the trailer.",new generation action trailer,48
87,29,O_UGGU8HrIQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_UGGU8HrIQ,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters in blue suits standing on a city street, one holding a camera. The scene shifts to an indoor kitchen where a character interacts with a robot and another person. A close-up follows of the robot's face before transitioning to a wide shot of a futuristic cityscape at night. Characters are seen running through a chaotic urban environment filled with debris and explosions. One character is shown inside a spaceship cockpit, while others engage in combat outside. There's also footage of a large ship sailing amidst smoke and destruction. The final frame displays promotional text for 'Fantastic 4' alongside movie details about its release date and availability on various platforms.",blue suits city street,31
88,29,O_UGGU8HrIQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_UGGU8HrIQ,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters in blue suits standing on a city street, one holding a camera. The scene shifts to an indoor kitchen where a character interacts with a robot and another person. A close-up follows of the robot's face before transitioning to a wide shot of a futuristic cityscape at night. Characters are seen running through a chaotic urban environment filled with debris and explosions. One character is shown inside a spaceship cockpit, while others engage in combat outside. There's also footage of a large ship sailing amidst smoke and destruction. The final frame displays promotional text for 'Fantastic 4' alongside movie details about its release date and availability on various platforms.",robot kitchen interaction,31
89,29,O_UGGU8HrIQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_UGGU8HrIQ,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters in blue suits standing on a city street, one holding a camera. The scene shifts to an indoor kitchen where a character interacts with a robot and another person. A close-up follows of the robot's face before transitioning to a wide shot of a futuristic cityscape at night. Characters are seen running through a chaotic urban environment filled with debris and explosions. One character is shown inside a spaceship cockpit, while others engage in combat outside. There's also footage of a large ship sailing amidst smoke and destruction. The final frame displays promotional text for 'Fantastic 4' alongside movie details about its release date and availability on various platforms.",fantastic 4 spaceship cockpit,31
90,30,AGjwIsBMCBk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGjwIsBMCBk,"The video opens with a close-up of a person's hand reaching out, followed by an aerial view of a cityscape. The scene transitions to a character in a superhero costume flying through the air against a backdrop of buildings and sky. A door is shown opening, revealing another individual inside. The next frame features text on a wall that reads 'AN ENORMOUS AMOUNT OF FUN.' Another shot shows two characters standing side by side; one appears to be wearing tactical gear while the other has a more casual look. Following this, there's a dynamic action sequence where individuals are engaged in combat outdoors during daylight. The final frames depict intense action scenes involving explosions and high-speed chases set against urban environments.",superhero costume flying over cityscape,29
91,30,AGjwIsBMCBk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGjwIsBMCBk,"The video opens with a close-up of a person's hand reaching out, followed by an aerial view of a cityscape. The scene transitions to a character in a superhero costume flying through the air against a backdrop of buildings and sky. A door is shown opening, revealing another individual inside. The next frame features text on a wall that reads 'AN ENORMOUS AMOUNT OF FUN.' Another shot shows two characters standing side by side; one appears to be wearing tactical gear while the other has a more casual look. Following this, there's a dynamic action sequence where individuals are engaged in combat outdoors during daylight. The final frames depict intense action scenes involving explosions and high-speed chases set against urban environments.",tactical gear character vs casual character action,29
92,30,AGjwIsBMCBk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGjwIsBMCBk,"The video opens with a close-up of a person's hand reaching out, followed by an aerial view of a cityscape. The scene transitions to a character in a superhero costume flying through the air against a backdrop of buildings and sky. A door is shown opening, revealing another individual inside. The next frame features text on a wall that reads 'AN ENORMOUS AMOUNT OF FUN.' Another shot shows two characters standing side by side; one appears to be wearing tactical gear while the other has a more casual look. Following this, there's a dynamic action sequence where individuals are engaged in combat outdoors during daylight. The final frames depict intense action scenes involving explosions and high-speed chases set against urban environments.",explosions and high‑speed chase in urban setting,29
93,31,U7WbNaNCBiY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7WbNaNCBiY,"The video opens with a close-up of a bald man in a suit, followed by an outdoor scene at dusk where the text 'Disney +' and 'Two Episodes Premiere March 4' appear. The next frame shows two people dancing on stage under spotlights, one holding a microphone. A dramatic shot follows with the word 'FEAR' over a cityscape at night. Another frame features a silhouette against red lighting with the words 'RIGHT TO BE UNSEEN'. The final frames depict a person standing alone in a dimly lit room with reflections visible on surfaces, suggesting isolation or contemplation. Throughout these scenes, there is no discernible camera movement; instead, they are static shots that transition between each other to build tension and anticipation for the upcoming premiere.",Disney+ two episodes premiere March 4 teaser,32
94,31,U7WbNaNCBiY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7WbNaNCBiY,"The video opens with a close-up of a bald man in a suit, followed by an outdoor scene at dusk where the text 'Disney +' and 'Two Episodes Premiere March 4' appear. The next frame shows two people dancing on stage under spotlights, one holding a microphone. A dramatic shot follows with the word 'FEAR' over a cityscape at night. Another frame features a silhouette against red lighting with the words 'RIGHT TO BE UNSEEN'. The final frames depict a person standing alone in a dimly lit room with reflections visible on surfaces, suggesting isolation or contemplation. Throughout these scenes, there is no discernible camera movement; instead, they are static shots that transition between each other to build tension and anticipation for the upcoming premiere.",FEAR cityscape night promotional video,32
95,31,U7WbNaNCBiY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7WbNaNCBiY,"The video opens with a close-up of a bald man in a suit, followed by an outdoor scene at dusk where the text 'Disney +' and 'Two Episodes Premiere March 4' appear. The next frame shows two people dancing on stage under spotlights, one holding a microphone. A dramatic shot follows with the word 'FEAR' over a cityscape at night. Another frame features a silhouette against red lighting with the words 'RIGHT TO BE UNSEEN'. The final frames depict a person standing alone in a dimly lit room with reflections visible on surfaces, suggesting isolation or contemplation. Throughout these scenes, there is no discernible camera movement; instead, they are static shots that transition between each other to build tension and anticipation for the upcoming premiere.",silhouette red lighting right to be unseen scene,32
96,32,PpNsRSFl4JU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpNsRSFl4JU,"The video features a character in a golden and red outfit with blue accents, speaking about the importance of whistling. The setting appears to be an indoor environment with futuristic elements, possibly a spaceship or high-tech facility. There are other characters present but their details are not clear due to the focus on the main character's dialogue. The lighting is bright and even, suggesting artificial light sources typical for such settings. In one frame, there's text overlay that reads 'MILLIONS OF YEARS OLD,' indicating a significant age reference related to the character's story. Another frame shows the same character saying 'this revolution has been' followed by 'HUGE SUCCESS.' The final frame includes additional text overlays like 'PAT ON THE BACK' and 'come on,' implying encouragement or acknowledgment from another character.",golden red outfit whistling importance,26
97,32,PpNsRSFl4JU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpNsRSFl4JU,"The video features a character in a golden and red outfit with blue accents, speaking about the importance of whistling. The setting appears to be an indoor environment with futuristic elements, possibly a spaceship or high-tech facility. There are other characters present but their details are not clear due to the focus on the main character's dialogue. The lighting is bright and even, suggesting artificial light sources typical for such settings. In one frame, there's text overlay that reads 'MILLIONS OF YEARS OLD,' indicating a significant age reference related to the character's story. Another frame shows the same character saying 'this revolution has been' followed by 'HUGE SUCCESS.' The final frame includes additional text overlays like 'PAT ON THE BACK' and 'come on,' implying encouragement or acknowledgment from another character.",futuristic spaceship interior with MILLIONS OF YEARS OLD text,26
98,32,PpNsRSFl4JU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpNsRSFl4JU,"The video features a character in a golden and red outfit with blue accents, speaking about the importance of whistling. The setting appears to be an indoor environment with futuristic elements, possibly a spaceship or high-tech facility. There are other characters present but their details are not clear due to the focus on the main character's dialogue. The lighting is bright and even, suggesting artificial light sources typical for such settings. In one frame, there's text overlay that reads 'MILLIONS OF YEARS OLD,' indicating a significant age reference related to the character's story. Another frame shows the same character saying 'this revolution has been' followed by 'HUGE SUCCESS.' The final frame includes additional text overlays like 'PAT ON THE BACK' and 'come on,' implying encouragement or acknowledgment from another character.",character says this revolution has been huge success,26
99,33,fJrYSSBTsq8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJrYSSBTsq8,"The video features a man in a long black coat walking through an outdoor event area. He is dressed formally, with his hair neatly styled and wearing dark shoes. The setting appears to be a promotional event for 'Thor: Ragnarok,' as indicated by the large yellow sign with bold text that reads 'THUNDERBOLTS' on the ground. There are other attendees visible in the background; some are standing while others appear to be seated or moving around. The environment includes modern buildings with classical architectural elements like columns and arches, suggesting a blend of old and new architecture. Trees can also be seen in the background, adding greenery to the urban landscape. The lighting suggests it's daytime with clear skies.",Thor: Ragnarok promo event man in black coat,14
100,33,fJrYSSBTsq8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJrYSSBTsq8,"The video features a man in a long black coat walking through an outdoor event area. He is dressed formally, with his hair neatly styled and wearing dark shoes. The setting appears to be a promotional event for 'Thor: Ragnarok,' as indicated by the large yellow sign with bold text that reads 'THUNDERBOLTS' on the ground. There are other attendees visible in the background; some are standing while others appear to be seated or moving around. The environment includes modern buildings with classical architectural elements like columns and arches, suggesting a blend of old and new architecture. Trees can also be seen in the background, adding greenery to the urban landscape. The lighting suggests it's daytime with clear skies.",THUNDERBOLTS sign at Thor: Ragnarok outdoor event,14
101,33,fJrYSSBTsq8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJrYSSBTsq8,"The video features a man in a long black coat walking through an outdoor event area. He is dressed formally, with his hair neatly styled and wearing dark shoes. The setting appears to be a promotional event for 'Thor: Ragnarok,' as indicated by the large yellow sign with bold text that reads 'THUNDERBOLTS' on the ground. There are other attendees visible in the background; some are standing while others appear to be seated or moving around. The environment includes modern buildings with classical architectural elements like columns and arches, suggesting a blend of old and new architecture. Trees can also be seen in the background, adding greenery to the urban landscape. The lighting suggests it's daytime with clear skies.",urban architecture with columns at Thor: Ragnarok promotional event,14
102,34,zU8_HjYcmB0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zU8_HjYcmB0,"The video takes place in a dimly lit, futuristic environment with blue and purple hues. A character wearing a dark jacket is seen holding a spoon-like object, seemingly searching for something or someone. The scene shifts to another character dressed in black armor who appears concerned about the situation at hand. A close-up of an animal resembling a raccoon follows, adding tension to the atmosphere. The focus then returns to the first character, now looking more determined as he addresses the raccoon-like creature directly. The dialogue suggests that the raccoon might be involved in some form of deception or trickery. The characters are engaged in what seems like a tense conversation within this high-tech setting, possibly involving espionage or covert operations.",dark jacket searching with spoon in futuristic setting,50
103,34,zU8_HjYcmB0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zU8_HjYcmB0,"The video takes place in a dimly lit, futuristic environment with blue and purple hues. A character wearing a dark jacket is seen holding a spoon-like object, seemingly searching for something or someone. The scene shifts to another character dressed in black armor who appears concerned about the situation at hand. A close-up of an animal resembling a raccoon follows, adding tension to the atmosphere. The focus then returns to the first character, now looking more determined as he addresses the raccoon-like creature directly. The dialogue suggests that the raccoon might be involved in some form of deception or trickery. The characters are engaged in what seems like a tense conversation within this high-tech setting, possibly involving espionage or covert operations.",black armor concerned about raccoon-like deception,50
104,34,zU8_HjYcmB0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zU8_HjYcmB0,"The video takes place in a dimly lit, futuristic environment with blue and purple hues. A character wearing a dark jacket is seen holding a spoon-like object, seemingly searching for something or someone. The scene shifts to another character dressed in black armor who appears concerned about the situation at hand. A close-up of an animal resembling a raccoon follows, adding tension to the atmosphere. The focus then returns to the first character, now looking more determined as he addresses the raccoon-like creature directly. The dialogue suggests that the raccoon might be involved in some form of deception or trickery. The characters are engaged in what seems like a tense conversation within this high-tech setting, possibly involving espionage or covert operations.",covert conversation with raccoon in high-tech environment,50
105,35,EAlHyVvvGrI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAlHyVvvGrI,"The video opens with a wide shot of New York City, transitioning to a silhouette figure in a dark cloak against an overcast sky. The scene shifts to a close-up of the same figure's hand reaching out towards something unseen. A yellow screen appears with 'PERCEPTION' and then cuts to a fiery explosion followed by another yellow screen with 'A HOME RUN.' Next, we see a helicopter flying through the air, suggesting urgency or escape. The final frame shows two characters standing together; one is wearing a mask while the other has long hair. Throughout these scenes, there are no discernible objects except for the cityscape backdrop and the silhouetted figures.",NYC silhouette cloak in overcast sky,31
106,35,EAlHyVvvGrI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAlHyVvvGrI,"The video opens with a wide shot of New York City, transitioning to a silhouette figure in a dark cloak against an overcast sky. The scene shifts to a close-up of the same figure's hand reaching out towards something unseen. A yellow screen appears with 'PERCEPTION' and then cuts to a fiery explosion followed by another yellow screen with 'A HOME RUN.' Next, we see a helicopter flying through the air, suggesting urgency or escape. The final frame shows two characters standing together; one is wearing a mask while the other has long hair. Throughout these scenes, there are no discernible objects except for the cityscape backdrop and the silhouetted figures.",fire explosion with 'A HOME RUN' yellow screen,31
107,35,EAlHyVvvGrI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAlHyVvvGrI,"The video opens with a wide shot of New York City, transitioning to a silhouette figure in a dark cloak against an overcast sky. The scene shifts to a close-up of the same figure's hand reaching out towards something unseen. A yellow screen appears with 'PERCEPTION' and then cuts to a fiery explosion followed by another yellow screen with 'A HOME RUN.' Next, we see a helicopter flying through the air, suggesting urgency or escape. The final frame shows two characters standing together; one is wearing a mask while the other has long hair. Throughout these scenes, there are no discernible objects except for the cityscape backdrop and the silhouetted figures.",masked and long‑haired duo on city backdrop,31
108,36,BP5A1-GvDmQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BP5A1-GvDmQ,"The video opens with a medium shot of an individual in a dark, textured sweater holding a takeout container. The scene transitions to a dimly lit hallway where two individuals are seen from behind; one is crouched down while the other stands upright. A close-up follows showing another person's back as they walk through a corridor. Next, there's a wide shot of a tall skyscraper against a cloudy sky. Subsequently, we see a woman standing on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape at dusk or dawn. She then appears in casual attire outdoors amidst people and vehicles. Another medium shot shows her walking confidently towards a building entrance. Finally, she is shown wearing tactical gear, ready for action, before transitioning into a dynamic sequence where she leaps off a high platform onto a street below.",woman on rooftop cityscape at dusk,41
109,36,BP5A1-GvDmQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BP5A1-GvDmQ,"The video opens with a medium shot of an individual in a dark, textured sweater holding a takeout container. The scene transitions to a dimly lit hallway where two individuals are seen from behind; one is crouched down while the other stands upright. A close-up follows showing another person's back as they walk through a corridor. Next, there's a wide shot of a tall skyscraper against a cloudy sky. Subsequently, we see a woman standing on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape at dusk or dawn. She then appears in casual attire outdoors amidst people and vehicles. Another medium shot shows her walking confidently towards a building entrance. Finally, she is shown wearing tactical gear, ready for action, before transitioning into a dynamic sequence where she leaps off a high platform onto a street below.",woman in tactical gear jumping off high platform,41
110,36,BP5A1-GvDmQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BP5A1-GvDmQ,"The video opens with a medium shot of an individual in a dark, textured sweater holding a takeout container. The scene transitions to a dimly lit hallway where two individuals are seen from behind; one is crouched down while the other stands upright. A close-up follows showing another person's back as they walk through a corridor. Next, there's a wide shot of a tall skyscraper against a cloudy sky. Subsequently, we see a woman standing on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape at dusk or dawn. She then appears in casual attire outdoors amidst people and vehicles. Another medium shot shows her walking confidently towards a building entrance. Finally, she is shown wearing tactical gear, ready for action, before transitioning into a dynamic sequence where she leaps off a high platform onto a street below.",person in dark sweater holding takeout,41
111,37,KRZxpVtzFF0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRZxpVtzFF0,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape at dusk, transitioning to an intense close-up of flames engulfing a building. The scene shifts to two characters standing side by side in a dimly lit room, one holding a gun and the other looking serious. A silhouette is seen against a cloudy sky, followed by a helicopter flying over a city street filled with chaos. People are running frantically on the streets below. The next frame shows a group of people inside a building, some wearing dark clothing, suggesting urgency or secrecy. An aerial view reveals a tall structure being demolished amidst destruction. The final frames depict individuals in combat gear; one character stands confidently while another looks determined. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of tension and impending action as if preparing for a significant event.",cityscape dusk burning building helicopter chaos,31
112,37,KRZxpVtzFF0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRZxpVtzFF0,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape at dusk, transitioning to an intense close-up of flames engulfing a building. The scene shifts to two characters standing side by side in a dimly lit room, one holding a gun and the other looking serious. A silhouette is seen against a cloudy sky, followed by a helicopter flying over a city street filled with chaos. People are running frantically on the streets below. The next frame shows a group of people inside a building, some wearing dark clothing, suggesting urgency or secrecy. An aerial view reveals a tall structure being demolished amidst destruction. The final frames depict individuals in combat gear; one character stands confidently while another looks determined. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of tension and impending action as if preparing for a significant event.",two characters gun tense confrontation dim room,31
113,37,KRZxpVtzFF0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRZxpVtzFF0,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape at dusk, transitioning to an intense close-up of flames engulfing a building. The scene shifts to two characters standing side by side in a dimly lit room, one holding a gun and the other looking serious. A silhouette is seen against a cloudy sky, followed by a helicopter flying over a city street filled with chaos. People are running frantically on the streets below. The next frame shows a group of people inside a building, some wearing dark clothing, suggesting urgency or secrecy. An aerial view reveals a tall structure being demolished amidst destruction. The final frames depict individuals in combat gear; one character stands confidently while another looks determined. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of tension and impending action as if preparing for a significant event.",tall structure demolition aerial view,31
114,38,s81a0Yid0bk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s81a0Yid0bk,"The video features a character resembling Groot, the tree-like alien from Guardians of the Galaxy. Initially, he is seen sitting in a blue bowl filled with food, surrounded by green foliage and a dark background that suggests an indoor setting. The scene transitions to him standing up amidst lush greenery, indicating a change in environment or time. He then appears inside a cozy room with warm lighting, holding a small purple bird, suggesting a moment of companionship. Next, he's shown lying down on what looks like a bed or couch, covered with blankets, implying rest or sleep. In another frame, he holds a plate with various foods, including fruits and vegetables, hinting at mealtime. Finally, he stands outside against a clear sky with mountains in the distance, wearing winter clothing, which contrasts with his previous appearances.",Groot eating in blue bowl with green foliage,31
115,38,s81a0Yid0bk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s81a0Yid0bk,"The video features a character resembling Groot, the tree-like alien from Guardians of the Galaxy. Initially, he is seen sitting in a blue bowl filled with food, surrounded by green foliage and a dark background that suggests an indoor setting. The scene transitions to him standing up amidst lush greenery, indicating a change in environment or time. He then appears inside a cozy room with warm lighting, holding a small purple bird, suggesting a moment of companionship. Next, he's shown lying down on what looks like a bed or couch, covered with blankets, implying rest or sleep. In another frame, he holds a plate with various foods, including fruits and vegetables, hinting at mealtime. Finally, he stands outside against a clear sky with mountains in the distance, wearing winter clothing, which contrasts with his previous appearances.",Groot holding a purple bird in a cozy warm room,31
116,38,s81a0Yid0bk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s81a0Yid0bk,"The video features a character resembling Groot, the tree-like alien from Guardians of the Galaxy. Initially, he is seen sitting in a blue bowl filled with food, surrounded by green foliage and a dark background that suggests an indoor setting. The scene transitions to him standing up amidst lush greenery, indicating a change in environment or time. He then appears inside a cozy room with warm lighting, holding a small purple bird, suggesting a moment of companionship. Next, he's shown lying down on what looks like a bed or couch, covered with blankets, implying rest or sleep. In another frame, he holds a plate with various foods, including fruits and vegetables, hinting at mealtime. Finally, he stands outside against a clear sky with mountains in the distance, wearing winter clothing, which contrasts with his previous appearances.",Groot wearing winter clothing standing outdoors with mountains,31
117,39,SB9itvMnGI4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SB9itvMnGI4,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in dark clothing, followed by an action-packed scene where characters are engaged in combat. The environment is chaotic and intense, suggesting a high-stakes situation. A character is seen running through what appears to be a war-torn cityscape, emphasizing the urgency and danger. Another frame shows a character lying on the ground amidst debris, indicating recent conflict or destruction. There's also a shot of a hand holding a phone displaying 'CERTIFIED FRESH' with percentages, which could imply quality assurance or approval. The final frames show text overlays that seem to narrate events from the movie, such as 'KEEP talking.' and 'MUST-SEE IN IMAX,' hinting at promotional content for the film.",war-torn city combat scene,31
118,39,SB9itvMnGI4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SB9itvMnGI4,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in dark clothing, followed by an action-packed scene where characters are engaged in combat. The environment is chaotic and intense, suggesting a high-stakes situation. A character is seen running through what appears to be a war-torn cityscape, emphasizing the urgency and danger. Another frame shows a character lying on the ground amidst debris, indicating recent conflict or destruction. There's also a shot of a hand holding a phone displaying 'CERTIFIED FRESH' with percentages, which could imply quality assurance or approval. The final frames show text overlays that seem to narrate events from the movie, such as 'KEEP talking.' and 'MUST-SEE IN IMAX,' hinting at promotional content for the film.",character running through rubble,31
119,39,SB9itvMnGI4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SB9itvMnGI4,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in dark clothing, followed by an action-packed scene where characters are engaged in combat. The environment is chaotic and intense, suggesting a high-stakes situation. A character is seen running through what appears to be a war-torn cityscape, emphasizing the urgency and danger. Another frame shows a character lying on the ground amidst debris, indicating recent conflict or destruction. There's also a shot of a hand holding a phone displaying 'CERTIFIED FRESH' with percentages, which could imply quality assurance or approval. The final frames show text overlays that seem to narrate events from the movie, such as 'KEEP talking.' and 'MUST-SEE IN IMAX,' hinting at promotional content for the film.",CERTIFIED FRESH phone display,31
120,40,yB_VAhp6-Og.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yB_VAhp6-Og,"The video opens with a wide shot of the iconic '4' building, symbolizing the Marvel Cinematic Universe's new trailer. The scene transitions to an animated title card reading 'NEW TRAILER,' followed by another title card stating 'OUT NOW.' A character in space jumps against a backdrop of Earth and sun, suggesting action or escape. Next, we see a close-up of a person wearing a blue suit with white accents, possibly indicating preparation for an adventure. Following this is a medium shot of a character running through what appears to be a cityscape at night, illuminated by streetlights and neon signs, hinting at high-stakes action. Finally, there's a graphic showing 'the FANTASTIC 4 FIRST STEPS' alongside promotional text about the movie's release date and rating.",fantastic 4 new trailer launch,16
121,40,yB_VAhp6-Og.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yB_VAhp6-Og,"The video opens with a wide shot of the iconic '4' building, symbolizing the Marvel Cinematic Universe's new trailer. The scene transitions to an animated title card reading 'NEW TRAILER,' followed by another title card stating 'OUT NOW.' A character in space jumps against a backdrop of Earth and sun, suggesting action or escape. Next, we see a close-up of a person wearing a blue suit with white accents, possibly indicating preparation for an adventure. Following this is a medium shot of a character running through what appears to be a cityscape at night, illuminated by streetlights and neon signs, hinting at high-stakes action. Finally, there's a graphic showing 'the FANTASTIC 4 FIRST STEPS' alongside promotional text about the movie's release date and rating.",fantastic 4 space jump escape scene,16
122,40,yB_VAhp6-Og.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yB_VAhp6-Og,"The video opens with a wide shot of the iconic '4' building, symbolizing the Marvel Cinematic Universe's new trailer. The scene transitions to an animated title card reading 'NEW TRAILER,' followed by another title card stating 'OUT NOW.' A character in space jumps against a backdrop of Earth and sun, suggesting action or escape. Next, we see a close-up of a person wearing a blue suit with white accents, possibly indicating preparation for an adventure. Following this is a medium shot of a character running through what appears to be a cityscape at night, illuminated by streetlights and neon signs, hinting at high-stakes action. Finally, there's a graphic showing 'the FANTASTIC 4 FIRST STEPS' alongside promotional text about the movie's release date and rating.",fantastic 4 city night chase scene,16
123,41,nyueI8bdIhE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyueI8bdIhE,"The video opens with a medium shot of an animated character in a blue jacket and yellow shirt, standing in front of a door. The scene transitions to the same character running outside at night, then cuts to another character inside a school building looking surprised. Next, there's a close-up of hands shaking on a football field during sunset. Following this is a medium shot of two characters conversing outdoors; one has braided hair while the other wears glasses. Then, we see a character entering an elevator labeled 'INTERN' as it ascends. Finally, Spider-Man rescues a dog from fire in a store at night before returning to his usual superhero persona. Throughout these scenes, vibrant colors are used for each character's appearance, creating distinct visual identities against various backdrops ranging from urban streets to indoor settings like schools and stores.",animated blue jacket character running at night,31
124,41,nyueI8bdIhE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyueI8bdIhE,"The video opens with a medium shot of an animated character in a blue jacket and yellow shirt, standing in front of a door. The scene transitions to the same character running outside at night, then cuts to another character inside a school building looking surprised. Next, there's a close-up of hands shaking on a football field during sunset. Following this is a medium shot of two characters conversing outdoors; one has braided hair while the other wears glasses. Then, we see a character entering an elevator labeled 'INTERN' as it ascends. Finally, Spider-Man rescues a dog from fire in a store at night before returning to his usual superhero persona. Throughout these scenes, vibrant colors are used for each character's appearance, creating distinct visual identities against various backdrops ranging from urban streets to indoor settings like schools and stores.",Spider‑Man dog rescue from store fire at night,31
125,41,nyueI8bdIhE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyueI8bdIhE,"The video opens with a medium shot of an animated character in a blue jacket and yellow shirt, standing in front of a door. The scene transitions to the same character running outside at night, then cuts to another character inside a school building looking surprised. Next, there's a close-up of hands shaking on a football field during sunset. Following this is a medium shot of two characters conversing outdoors; one has braided hair while the other wears glasses. Then, we see a character entering an elevator labeled 'INTERN' as it ascends. Finally, Spider-Man rescues a dog from fire in a store at night before returning to his usual superhero persona. Throughout these scenes, vibrant colors are used for each character's appearance, creating distinct visual identities against various backdrops ranging from urban streets to indoor settings like schools and stores.",hand shaking on football field during sunset,31
126,42,DDTe2IE61Dc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDTe2IE61Dc,"The video features a series of characters in dark, dramatic settings with spotlight effects. The first character is dressed in black leather attire and stands confidently against a dimly lit background. Text overlays suggest themes of teamwork and leadership within a group. Another character appears in red armor, indicating a different team or faction. A third character wears a hooded cloak, adding an element of mystery. Subsequent frames show individuals in similar dark outfits, emphasizing unity among the group. One frame shows multiple figures arranged symmetrically around a central figure, suggesting a strategic formation for confrontation. The final scene displays text promoting 'THUNDERBOLTS' alongside 'THE NEW AVENGERS,' hinting at a crossover event between two popular superhero franchises.",Thunderbolts Avengers crossover,32
127,42,DDTe2IE61Dc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDTe2IE61Dc,"The video features a series of characters in dark, dramatic settings with spotlight effects. The first character is dressed in black leather attire and stands confidently against a dimly lit background. Text overlays suggest themes of teamwork and leadership within a group. Another character appears in red armor, indicating a different team or faction. A third character wears a hooded cloak, adding an element of mystery. Subsequent frames show individuals in similar dark outfits, emphasizing unity among the group. One frame shows multiple figures arranged symmetrically around a central figure, suggesting a strategic formation for confrontation. The final scene displays text promoting 'THUNDERBOLTS' alongside 'THE NEW AVENGERS,' hinting at a crossover event between two popular superhero franchises.",Black leather team leader scene,32
128,42,DDTe2IE61Dc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDTe2IE61Dc,"The video features a series of characters in dark, dramatic settings with spotlight effects. The first character is dressed in black leather attire and stands confidently against a dimly lit background. Text overlays suggest themes of teamwork and leadership within a group. Another character appears in red armor, indicating a different team or faction. A third character wears a hooded cloak, adding an element of mystery. Subsequent frames show individuals in similar dark outfits, emphasizing unity among the group. One frame shows multiple figures arranged symmetrically around a central figure, suggesting a strategic formation for confrontation. The final scene displays text promoting 'THUNDERBOLTS' alongside 'THE NEW AVENGERS,' hinting at a crossover event between two popular superhero franchises.",Red armor Thunderbolts fighter,32
129,43,Ys_FlRgW1Ko.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ys_FlRgW1Ko,"The video opens with a title card for 'MARVEL GAMES' against a red background, followed by the game's name 'SPIDER-MAN 2' in bold white letters. The scene shifts to an urban environment where Spider-Man is seen swinging through city streets at night, dodging obstacles and enemies like Venom. A close-up of Venom's face shows his menacing expression as he attacks Spider-Man. Another shot captures Venom leaping towards Spider-Man from above amidst flames and debris. The next frame features Venom standing triumphantly on fire, showcasing his muscular build and fierce demeanor. The final frames show Spider-Man engaged in combat with Venom, emphasizing their intense battle sequence. Throughout these scenes, there are dynamic lighting effects that enhance the action-packed atmosphere.",Spider-Man 2 Venom battle,49
130,43,Ys_FlRgW1Ko.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ys_FlRgW1Ko,"The video opens with a title card for 'MARVEL GAMES' against a red background, followed by the game's name 'SPIDER-MAN 2' in bold white letters. The scene shifts to an urban environment where Spider-Man is seen swinging through city streets at night, dodging obstacles and enemies like Venom. A close-up of Venom's face shows his menacing expression as he attacks Spider-Man. Another shot captures Venom leaping towards Spider-Man from above amidst flames and debris. The next frame features Venom standing triumphantly on fire, showcasing his muscular build and fierce demeanor. The final frames show Spider-Man engaged in combat with Venom, emphasizing their intense battle sequence. Throughout these scenes, there are dynamic lighting effects that enhance the action-packed atmosphere.",Spider-Man 2 city swing,49
131,43,Ys_FlRgW1Ko.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ys_FlRgW1Ko,"The video opens with a title card for 'MARVEL GAMES' against a red background, followed by the game's name 'SPIDER-MAN 2' in bold white letters. The scene shifts to an urban environment where Spider-Man is seen swinging through city streets at night, dodging obstacles and enemies like Venom. A close-up of Venom's face shows his menacing expression as he attacks Spider-Man. Another shot captures Venom leaping towards Spider-Man from above amidst flames and debris. The next frame features Venom standing triumphantly on fire, showcasing his muscular build and fierce demeanor. The final frames show Spider-Man engaged in combat with Venom, emphasizing their intense battle sequence. Throughout these scenes, there are dynamic lighting effects that enhance the action-packed atmosphere.",Venom on fire victory pose,49
132,44,fPqXoKevOsA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPqXoKevOsA,"The video opens with a medium shot of Spider-Man in action, swinging through the city streets at night. The scene shifts to an animated character running on the street, followed by another character being attacked by a bus. A close-up shows Spider-Man's foot glowing green as he swings. Cut to a man standing in front of a mirror reflecting his image and then looking surprised. Next is a character in a lab coat holding a baton, suggesting preparation for combat or training. Following this, there's a dynamic fight sequence between two characters in a warehouse setting. Another character performs acrobatic moves against a backdrop of falling debris. The final frame features a promotional graphic for 'Spider-Man: Your Neighborhood Spider-Man' alongside Disney branding.",Spider-Man swinging through city at night with green glowing foot,31
133,44,fPqXoKevOsA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPqXoKevOsA,"The video opens with a medium shot of Spider-Man in action, swinging through the city streets at night. The scene shifts to an animated character running on the street, followed by another character being attacked by a bus. A close-up shows Spider-Man's foot glowing green as he swings. Cut to a man standing in front of a mirror reflecting his image and then looking surprised. Next is a character in a lab coat holding a baton, suggesting preparation for combat or training. Following this, there's a dynamic fight sequence between two characters in a warehouse setting. Another character performs acrobatic moves against a backdrop of falling debris. The final frame features a promotional graphic for 'Spider-Man: Your Neighborhood Spider-Man' alongside Disney branding.",Animated character attacked by bus,31
134,44,fPqXoKevOsA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPqXoKevOsA,"The video opens with a medium shot of Spider-Man in action, swinging through the city streets at night. The scene shifts to an animated character running on the street, followed by another character being attacked by a bus. A close-up shows Spider-Man's foot glowing green as he swings. Cut to a man standing in front of a mirror reflecting his image and then looking surprised. Next is a character in a lab coat holding a baton, suggesting preparation for combat or training. Following this, there's a dynamic fight sequence between two characters in a warehouse setting. Another character performs acrobatic moves against a backdrop of falling debris. The final frame features a promotional graphic for 'Spider-Man: Your Neighborhood Spider-Man' alongside Disney branding.",Warehouse fight scene in Spider-Man: Your Neighborhood Spider-Man,31
135,45,swbrI0uS3ao.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swbrI0uS3ao,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in dark attire, followed by another shot from behind showing two characters. The scene shifts to an indoor setting where one character is seen holding a gun and speaking, while the other looks on. A medium shot reveals more details about the environment and characters' actions. Another frame shows a character in a suit with 'Thunderbolts' text overlaying the image. Subsequent frames depict various scenes including explosions, chaotic environments, and characters engaged in combat or action sequences. Text overlays such as 'Summer Begins', 'Delinquents.', 'Scrapy Anti-Heroes.', 'Bad Guys.', and 'Will Know' appear throughout these shots. The color palette varies from darker tones to brighter, indicating different settings and moments within the narrative.",Thunderbolts gun shootout,31
136,45,swbrI0uS3ao.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swbrI0uS3ao,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in dark attire, followed by another shot from behind showing two characters. The scene shifts to an indoor setting where one character is seen holding a gun and speaking, while the other looks on. A medium shot reveals more details about the environment and characters' actions. Another frame shows a character in a suit with 'Thunderbolts' text overlaying the image. Subsequent frames depict various scenes including explosions, chaotic environments, and characters engaged in combat or action sequences. Text overlays such as 'Summer Begins', 'Delinquents.', 'Scrapy Anti-Heroes.', 'Bad Guys.', and 'Will Know' appear throughout these shots. The color palette varies from darker tones to brighter, indicating different settings and moments within the narrative.",Thunderbolts explosion sequence,31
137,45,swbrI0uS3ao.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swbrI0uS3ao,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in dark attire, followed by another shot from behind showing two characters. The scene shifts to an indoor setting where one character is seen holding a gun and speaking, while the other looks on. A medium shot reveals more details about the environment and characters' actions. Another frame shows a character in a suit with 'Thunderbolts' text overlaying the image. Subsequent frames depict various scenes including explosions, chaotic environments, and characters engaged in combat or action sequences. Text overlays such as 'Summer Begins', 'Delinquents.', 'Scrapy Anti-Heroes.', 'Bad Guys.', and 'Will Know' appear throughout these shots. The color palette varies from darker tones to brighter, indicating different settings and moments within the narrative.",Thunderbolts summer begins scene,31
138,46,FpHahI-Kq2M.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpHahI-Kq2M,"The video features a series of close-up shots focusing on the upper body and head of two individuals, presumably in a car. The first individual has light-colored hair tied back with an earring visible, wearing a dark top. The second person's hair is darker, possibly red or brown, and they are also dressed in a dark outfit. Both appear to be engaged in conversation or reacting to something off-camera. The background suggests it is nighttime outside, as indicated by blurred lights that resemble street lamps or vehicle headlights. There is no significant change in their expressions throughout these frames; however, there is slight movement suggesting interaction between them.",nighttime car conversation two men,41
139,46,FpHahI-Kq2M.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpHahI-Kq2M,"The video features a series of close-up shots focusing on the upper body and head of two individuals, presumably in a car. The first individual has light-colored hair tied back with an earring visible, wearing a dark top. The second person's hair is darker, possibly red or brown, and they are also dressed in a dark outfit. Both appear to be engaged in conversation or reacting to something off-camera. The background suggests it is nighttime outside, as indicated by blurred lights that resemble street lamps or vehicle headlights. There is no significant change in their expressions throughout these frames; however, there is slight movement suggesting interaction between them.",close up of dark car interior night chat,41
140,46,FpHahI-Kq2M.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpHahI-Kq2M,"The video features a series of close-up shots focusing on the upper body and head of two individuals, presumably in a car. The first individual has light-colored hair tied back with an earring visible, wearing a dark top. The second person's hair is darker, possibly red or brown, and they are also dressed in a dark outfit. Both appear to be engaged in conversation or reacting to something off-camera. The background suggests it is nighttime outside, as indicated by blurred lights that resemble street lamps or vehicle headlights. There is no significant change in their expressions throughout these frames; however, there is slight movement suggesting interaction between them.",two men in dark car talking at night,41
141,47,SlgJn5tYRAg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlgJn5tYRAg,"The video opens with a wide shot of a bustling city at night, showcasing the iconic Times Square in New York City. The scene transitions to an aerial view of the same area, emphasizing its vibrant nightlife and urban landscape. A close-up follows, focusing on two characters standing together; one is dressed formally while the other wears casual attire. The next frame presents a metallic figure resembling a human form amidst a dark background, suggesting advanced technology or science fiction elements. Following this, there's a dramatic explosion that illuminates the surrounding environment with bright flames against a cloudy sky backdrop. Finally, we see a character falling through space, surrounded by stars and cosmic dust particles, indicating high-speed travel or escape from gravity.",Times Square night cityscape,22
142,47,SlgJn5tYRAg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlgJn5tYRAg,"The video opens with a wide shot of a bustling city at night, showcasing the iconic Times Square in New York City. The scene transitions to an aerial view of the same area, emphasizing its vibrant nightlife and urban landscape. A close-up follows, focusing on two characters standing together; one is dressed formally while the other wears casual attire. The next frame presents a metallic figure resembling a human form amidst a dark background, suggesting advanced technology or science fiction elements. Following this, there's a dramatic explosion that illuminates the surrounding environment with bright flames against a cloudy sky backdrop. Finally, we see a character falling through space, surrounded by stars and cosmic dust particles, indicating high-speed travel or escape from gravity.",metallic humanoid sci‑fi figure,22
143,47,SlgJn5tYRAg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlgJn5tYRAg,"The video opens with a wide shot of a bustling city at night, showcasing the iconic Times Square in New York City. The scene transitions to an aerial view of the same area, emphasizing its vibrant nightlife and urban landscape. A close-up follows, focusing on two characters standing together; one is dressed formally while the other wears casual attire. The next frame presents a metallic figure resembling a human form amidst a dark background, suggesting advanced technology or science fiction elements. Following this, there's a dramatic explosion that illuminates the surrounding environment with bright flames against a cloudy sky backdrop. Finally, we see a character falling through space, surrounded by stars and cosmic dust particles, indicating high-speed travel or escape from gravity.",character falling through space stars,22
144,48,QOR6CTgWDjY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOR6CTgWDjY,"The video opens with a man in a black suit standing confidently on a city street, surrounded by pedestrians and traffic lights. The scene shifts to an urban demolition site where debris is being cleared away by heavy machinery. A woman stands nearby observing the destruction. Cut to another man in casual attire conversing with someone off-camera about plans for a building's demolition. The focus returns to the first man, who appears contemplative as he listens to someone off-screen. He then engages in conversation with the second man, discussing his future plans and expressing concern over potential consequences of his actions. The narrative continues with the two men walking together through the city streets, passing various buildings and people going about their day. They stop at a bus stop, seemingly waiting or taking a break from their journey. The final frames show them walking past a fire hydrant and a yellow taxi cab, indicating they are still in motion within the bustling city environment.",men discussing building demolition in city streets,50
145,48,QOR6CTgWDjY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOR6CTgWDjY,"The video opens with a man in a black suit standing confidently on a city street, surrounded by pedestrians and traffic lights. The scene shifts to an urban demolition site where debris is being cleared away by heavy machinery. A woman stands nearby observing the destruction. Cut to another man in casual attire conversing with someone off-camera about plans for a building's demolition. The focus returns to the first man, who appears contemplative as he listens to someone off-screen. He then engages in conversation with the second man, discussing his future plans and expressing concern over potential consequences of his actions. The narrative continues with the two men walking together through the city streets, passing various buildings and people going about their day. They stop at a bus stop, seemingly waiting or taking a break from their journey. The final frames show them walking past a fire hydrant and a yellow taxi cab, indicating they are still in motion within the bustling city environment.",urban demolition site with heavy machinery and observers,50
146,48,QOR6CTgWDjY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOR6CTgWDjY,"The video opens with a man in a black suit standing confidently on a city street, surrounded by pedestrians and traffic lights. The scene shifts to an urban demolition site where debris is being cleared away by heavy machinery. A woman stands nearby observing the destruction. Cut to another man in casual attire conversing with someone off-camera about plans for a building's demolition. The focus returns to the first man, who appears contemplative as he listens to someone off-screen. He then engages in conversation with the second man, discussing his future plans and expressing concern over potential consequences of his actions. The narrative continues with the two men walking together through the city streets, passing various buildings and people going about their day. They stop at a bus stop, seemingly waiting or taking a break from their journey. The final frames show them walking past a fire hydrant and a yellow taxi cab, indicating they are still in motion within the bustling city environment.",walking through city after demolition conversation with bus stop,50
147,49,3HoLJ5lh270.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HoLJ5lh270,"The video opens with a title card reading 'MARVEL STUDIOS' against a dark background. It transitions to an action-packed scene on a ship's deck at night, where characters are seen in combat gear; one character is wearing a blue and red suit resembling Captain America's shield. The next shot shows the same character flying through the air amidst explosions and debris, indicating a high-stakes battle or mission. A close-up follows of another character in similar attire, suggesting they are part of the same team. The final frame displays text that reads 'IN IMAX,' signaling the movie's format for viewers. Throughout these scenes, there is a sense of urgency and excitement as the characters engage in intense battles and chase sequences.",Captain America ship battle IMAX,31
148,49,3HoLJ5lh270.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HoLJ5lh270,"The video opens with a title card reading 'MARVEL STUDIOS' against a dark background. It transitions to an action-packed scene on a ship's deck at night, where characters are seen in combat gear; one character is wearing a blue and red suit resembling Captain America's shield. The next shot shows the same character flying through the air amidst explosions and debris, indicating a high-stakes battle or mission. A close-up follows of another character in similar attire, suggesting they are part of the same team. The final frame displays text that reads 'IN IMAX,' signaling the movie's format for viewers. Throughout these scenes, there is a sense of urgency and excitement as the characters engage in intense battles and chase sequences.",Marvel ship deck night action,31
149,49,3HoLJ5lh270.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HoLJ5lh270,"The video opens with a title card reading 'MARVEL STUDIOS' against a dark background. It transitions to an action-packed scene on a ship's deck at night, where characters are seen in combat gear; one character is wearing a blue and red suit resembling Captain America's shield. The next shot shows the same character flying through the air amidst explosions and debris, indicating a high-stakes battle or mission. A close-up follows of another character in similar attire, suggesting they are part of the same team. The final frame displays text that reads 'IN IMAX,' signaling the movie's format for viewers. Throughout these scenes, there is a sense of urgency and excitement as the characters engage in intense battles and chase sequences.",Captain America flying through explosions,31
150,50,mwAmWQEcgmk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwAmWQEcgmk,"The video opens with a medium shot of a man sitting at a desk in an office-like setting, surrounded by various objects like books and papers. The room is dimly lit, creating a somber atmosphere. A woman enters the frame from behind him, looking around cautiously as if searching for something or someone. She then stands alone in the same space, her expression serious and focused. The lighting remains consistent throughout, emphasizing the tense mood. As she moves closer to the camera, her posture becomes more upright and determined. In the final frames, we see a title card that reads 'IRON HEART' alongside other text indicating it's part of a series called 'ORIGINAL SERIES STREAMING JUNE 24'.",office confrontation with woman,59
151,50,mwAmWQEcgmk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwAmWQEcgmk,"The video opens with a medium shot of a man sitting at a desk in an office-like setting, surrounded by various objects like books and papers. The room is dimly lit, creating a somber atmosphere. A woman enters the frame from behind him, looking around cautiously as if searching for something or someone. She then stands alone in the same space, her expression serious and focused. The lighting remains consistent throughout, emphasizing the tense mood. As she moves closer to the camera, her posture becomes more upright and determined. In the final frames, we see a title card that reads 'IRON HEART' alongside other text indicating it's part of a series called 'ORIGINAL SERIES STREAMING JUNE 24'.",dim office tense scene,59
152,50,mwAmWQEcgmk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwAmWQEcgmk,"The video opens with a medium shot of a man sitting at a desk in an office-like setting, surrounded by various objects like books and papers. The room is dimly lit, creating a somber atmosphere. A woman enters the frame from behind him, looking around cautiously as if searching for something or someone. She then stands alone in the same space, her expression serious and focused. The lighting remains consistent throughout, emphasizing the tense mood. As she moves closer to the camera, her posture becomes more upright and determined. In the final frames, we see a title card that reads 'IRON HEART' alongside other text indicating it's part of a series called 'ORIGINAL SERIES STREAMING JUNE 24'.",IRON HEART office teaser,59
153,51,SOwJjV6Y_l0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOwJjV6Y_l0,"The video opens with a title card for 'Captain America: Brave New World' featuring the Marvel Studios logo and bold text. It transitions to an outdoor setting where two characters are seen in silhouette against a dark sky, suggesting stealth or combat readiness. The scene shifts to a character standing triumphantly atop rubble amidst flames, indicating destruction or aftermath of conflict. Another frame shows a hand pressing down on a blue object resembling a presidential seal, implying authority or power. A close-up follows of another individual's face expressing intensity or determination. Subsequently, there is a shot of a character flying through clouds at high speed, followed by a dynamic action sequence involving multiple characters engaged in battle. The environment throughout these scenes varies from urban settings to natural landscapes like forests and streets lined with cherry blossom trees.",Captain America Brave New World action trailer,31
154,51,SOwJjV6Y_l0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOwJjV6Y_l0,"The video opens with a title card for 'Captain America: Brave New World' featuring the Marvel Studios logo and bold text. It transitions to an outdoor setting where two characters are seen in silhouette against a dark sky, suggesting stealth or combat readiness. The scene shifts to a character standing triumphantly atop rubble amidst flames, indicating destruction or aftermath of conflict. Another frame shows a hand pressing down on a blue object resembling a presidential seal, implying authority or power. A close-up follows of another individual's face expressing intensity or determination. Subsequently, there is a shot of a character flying through clouds at high speed, followed by a dynamic action sequence involving multiple characters engaged in battle. The environment throughout these scenes varies from urban settings to natural landscapes like forests and streets lined with cherry blossom trees.",Captain America flying through clouds scene,31
155,51,SOwJjV6Y_l0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOwJjV6Y_l0,"The video opens with a title card for 'Captain America: Brave New World' featuring the Marvel Studios logo and bold text. It transitions to an outdoor setting where two characters are seen in silhouette against a dark sky, suggesting stealth or combat readiness. The scene shifts to a character standing triumphantly atop rubble amidst flames, indicating destruction or aftermath of conflict. Another frame shows a hand pressing down on a blue object resembling a presidential seal, implying authority or power. A close-up follows of another individual's face expressing intensity or determination. Subsequently, there is a shot of a character flying through clouds at high speed, followed by a dynamic action sequence involving multiple characters engaged in battle. The environment throughout these scenes varies from urban settings to natural landscapes like forests and streets lined with cherry blossom trees.",Captain America presidential seal power scene,31
156,52,WW08paYOyzo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WW08paYOyzo,"The video begins with a comic book-style illustration of two characters in distress, one lying on the ground and the other holding onto them. The scene transitions to a black-and-white image of a submarine sinking amidst debris, followed by another character lying motionless against a metallic surface. A close-up reveals a mechanical arm attached to a person's body, suggesting advanced technology or machinery. Next, we see an individual seated inside what appears to be a spacecraft cockpit, surrounded by various controls and screens, indicating high-tech equipment. The final frame shows a dynamic action sequence where a character is engaged in combat with another armored figure wielding a weapon. Throughout these scenes, there are no discernible changes in lighting or environment; all frames maintain a consistent visual style typical of comic books.",comic submarine sinking illustration,37
157,52,WW08paYOyzo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WW08paYOyzo,"The video begins with a comic book-style illustration of two characters in distress, one lying on the ground and the other holding onto them. The scene transitions to a black-and-white image of a submarine sinking amidst debris, followed by another character lying motionless against a metallic surface. A close-up reveals a mechanical arm attached to a person's body, suggesting advanced technology or machinery. Next, we see an individual seated inside what appears to be a spacecraft cockpit, surrounded by various controls and screens, indicating high-tech equipment. The final frame shows a dynamic action sequence where a character is engaged in combat with another armored figure wielding a weapon. Throughout these scenes, there are no discernible changes in lighting or environment; all frames maintain a consistent visual style typical of comic books.",character with mechanical arm cybernetic enhancement,37
158,52,WW08paYOyzo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WW08paYOyzo,"The video begins with a comic book-style illustration of two characters in distress, one lying on the ground and the other holding onto them. The scene transitions to a black-and-white image of a submarine sinking amidst debris, followed by another character lying motionless against a metallic surface. A close-up reveals a mechanical arm attached to a person's body, suggesting advanced technology or machinery. Next, we see an individual seated inside what appears to be a spacecraft cockpit, surrounded by various controls and screens, indicating high-tech equipment. The final frame shows a dynamic action sequence where a character is engaged in combat with another armored figure wielding a weapon. Throughout these scenes, there are no discernible changes in lighting or environment; all frames maintain a consistent visual style typical of comic books.",comic action scene fighting armored figure,37
159,53,t8MgEthtJQU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8MgEthtJQU,"The video opens with a character in tactical gear, possibly an armored suit or military uniform, standing confidently. The scene shifts to another individual dressed similarly, suggesting they are part of the same team or group. They discuss their plans for a mission involving a large ship and its crew. A close-up reveals one person's face as they speak about the importance of not getting caught by the enemy. Another frame shows them holding onto something, indicating preparation for action. The environment is indoors, likely within a secure facility or base. In subsequent frames, we see more characters engaged in conversation; one holds a shield emblematic of Captain America, hinting at a connection between them. The final scenes depict aerial combat over water, showcasing advanced technology and weaponry used during the mission.",tactical gear team ship mission briefing,41
160,53,t8MgEthtJQU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8MgEthtJQU,"The video opens with a character in tactical gear, possibly an armored suit or military uniform, standing confidently. The scene shifts to another individual dressed similarly, suggesting they are part of the same team or group. They discuss their plans for a mission involving a large ship and its crew. A close-up reveals one person's face as they speak about the importance of not getting caught by the enemy. Another frame shows them holding onto something, indicating preparation for action. The environment is indoors, likely within a secure facility or base. In subsequent frames, we see more characters engaged in conversation; one holds a shield emblematic of Captain America, hinting at a connection between them. The final scenes depict aerial combat over water, showcasing advanced technology and weaponry used during the mission.",Captain America shield in secure facility,41
161,53,t8MgEthtJQU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8MgEthtJQU,"The video opens with a character in tactical gear, possibly an armored suit or military uniform, standing confidently. The scene shifts to another individual dressed similarly, suggesting they are part of the same team or group. They discuss their plans for a mission involving a large ship and its crew. A close-up reveals one person's face as they speak about the importance of not getting caught by the enemy. Another frame shows them holding onto something, indicating preparation for action. The environment is indoors, likely within a secure facility or base. In subsequent frames, we see more characters engaged in conversation; one holds a shield emblematic of Captain America, hinting at a connection between them. The final scenes depict aerial combat over water, showcasing advanced technology and weaponry used during the mission.",aerial water combat advanced tech,41
162,54,08WYbGjuehk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08WYbGjuehk,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in an orange hoodie, followed by a medium shot of another person in a black shirt. The scene shifts to a high-speed chase through the city streets at night, showcasing sleek cars and urban architecture illuminated by streetlights. A close-up reveals a character's face against a warm-toned background. Subsequently, there is a wide shot of a city skyline during sunset or sunrise, suggesting a peaceful end to the day. Another frame shows two characters engaged in conversation indoors; one wears headphones while speaking. The final frames depict a dynamic action sequence featuring intense lighting effects and fast-paced movements, culminating in a title card for 'Ironheart' from Disney+ Original Series.",Ironheart night city chase,31
163,54,08WYbGjuehk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08WYbGjuehk,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in an orange hoodie, followed by a medium shot of another person in a black shirt. The scene shifts to a high-speed chase through the city streets at night, showcasing sleek cars and urban architecture illuminated by streetlights. A close-up reveals a character's face against a warm-toned background. Subsequently, there is a wide shot of a city skyline during sunset or sunrise, suggesting a peaceful end to the day. Another frame shows two characters engaged in conversation indoors; one wears headphones while speaking. The final frames depict a dynamic action sequence featuring intense lighting effects and fast-paced movements, culminating in a title card for 'Ironheart' from Disney+ Original Series.",Ironheart sunrise skyline scene,31
164,54,08WYbGjuehk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08WYbGjuehk,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in an orange hoodie, followed by a medium shot of another person in a black shirt. The scene shifts to a high-speed chase through the city streets at night, showcasing sleek cars and urban architecture illuminated by streetlights. A close-up reveals a character's face against a warm-toned background. Subsequently, there is a wide shot of a city skyline during sunset or sunrise, suggesting a peaceful end to the day. Another frame shows two characters engaged in conversation indoors; one wears headphones while speaking. The final frames depict a dynamic action sequence featuring intense lighting effects and fast-paced movements, culminating in a title card for 'Ironheart' from Disney+ Original Series.",Ironheart indoor conversation headphones,31
165,55,7rkQ6FIPuuw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rkQ6FIPuuw,"The video features a person with long dark hair, wearing a textured brown top and gloves. They are in an outdoor setting during the day, surrounded by other individuals who appear to be part of a group or event. The environment is dimly lit, suggesting either early morning or late evening light conditions. There's text overlay on the screen that reads 'This is for the internet' followed by 'For all the baby hags out there,' indicating a playful tone towards viewers. Another frame shows two people standing close together; one has curly hair while the other wears a dark jacket over a white shirt. Text overlays here read 'Who we are saying hi to?' and then 'The internet,' implying a connection between them and their audience. The final frame includes more text stating 'We're coming at you internet!' with a surprised emoji, adding excitement and anticipation.",Long dark-haired influencer greeting the internet,14
166,55,7rkQ6FIPuuw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rkQ6FIPuuw,"The video features a person with long dark hair, wearing a textured brown top and gloves. They are in an outdoor setting during the day, surrounded by other individuals who appear to be part of a group or event. The environment is dimly lit, suggesting either early morning or late evening light conditions. There's text overlay on the screen that reads 'This is for the internet' followed by 'For all the baby hags out there,' indicating a playful tone towards viewers. Another frame shows two people standing close together; one has curly hair while the other wears a dark jacket over a white shirt. Text overlays here read 'Who we are saying hi to?' and then 'The internet,' implying a connection between them and their audience. The final frame includes more text stating 'We're coming at you internet!' with a surprised emoji, adding excitement and anticipation.",Baby hags internet hype clip with outdoor group,14
167,55,7rkQ6FIPuuw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rkQ6FIPuuw,"The video features a person with long dark hair, wearing a textured brown top and gloves. They are in an outdoor setting during the day, surrounded by other individuals who appear to be part of a group or event. The environment is dimly lit, suggesting either early morning or late evening light conditions. There's text overlay on the screen that reads 'This is for the internet' followed by 'For all the baby hags out there,' indicating a playful tone towards viewers. Another frame shows two people standing close together; one has curly hair while the other wears a dark jacket over a white shirt. Text overlays here read 'Who we are saying hi to?' and then 'The internet,' implying a connection between them and their audience. The final frame includes more text stating 'We're coming at you internet!' with a surprised emoji, adding excitement and anticipation.",Curly-haired and jacket-clad duo saying 'We're coming at you internet',14
168,56,h6ZhD9nXWO4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6ZhD9nXWO4,"The video features a series of medium close-up shots with text overlays, likely from an interview or documentary. The first frame shows a person in a purple top against a dark background, followed by another shot where the same individual is seen wearing a black and white checkered shirt. Subsequent frames include various individuals dressed in different outfits; one wears a blue headband while others are in casual attire like a plaid dress. Texts such as 'A fun fact about this scene,' 'production didn't know if we could do it practically,' and 'They thought that we would not have enough time' appear on screen, suggesting behind-the-scenes commentary. Another frame includes someone washing their face at a sink, indicating preparation for filming. The lighting varies but maintains focus on the subjects.",behind the scenes interview purple top,30
169,56,h6ZhD9nXWO4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6ZhD9nXWO4,"The video features a series of medium close-up shots with text overlays, likely from an interview or documentary. The first frame shows a person in a purple top against a dark background, followed by another shot where the same individual is seen wearing a black and white checkered shirt. Subsequent frames include various individuals dressed in different outfits; one wears a blue headband while others are in casual attire like a plaid dress. Texts such as 'A fun fact about this scene,' 'production didn't know if we could do it practically,' and 'They thought that we would not have enough time' appear on screen, suggesting behind-the-scenes commentary. Another frame includes someone washing their face at a sink, indicating preparation for filming. The lighting varies but maintains focus on the subjects.",production challenges interview text overlays,30
170,56,h6ZhD9nXWO4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6ZhD9nXWO4,"The video features a series of medium close-up shots with text overlays, likely from an interview or documentary. The first frame shows a person in a purple top against a dark background, followed by another shot where the same individual is seen wearing a black and white checkered shirt. Subsequent frames include various individuals dressed in different outfits; one wears a blue headband while others are in casual attire like a plaid dress. Texts such as 'A fun fact about this scene,' 'production didn't know if we could do it practically,' and 'They thought that we would not have enough time' appear on screen, suggesting behind-the-scenes commentary. Another frame includes someone washing their face at a sink, indicating preparation for filming. The lighting varies but maintains focus on the subjects.",blue headband behind‑the‑scenes footage,30
171,57,rhQNdGSN068.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhQNdGSN068,"The video features a series of animated frames from 'Peter Parker: The Spectacular Spider-Man' featuring Peter Parker, the protagonist. In the first frame, we see an illustration of Peter's school with his name and class listed on it. Next is a scene showing Peter in front of a building labeled 'Middtown High,' followed by him holding up a trophy with text indicating he has won something significant. Another frame shows Peter interacting with someone off-screen while wearing glasses and a blue jacket over a yellow shirt. There are also scenes depicting Peter at home or in a laboratory setting, suggesting scientific endeavors. A final frame shows Peter flying through the air, implying action-packed adventures typical of superhero narratives.",Peter Parker school illustration,18
172,57,rhQNdGSN068.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhQNdGSN068,"The video features a series of animated frames from 'Peter Parker: The Spectacular Spider-Man' featuring Peter Parker, the protagonist. In the first frame, we see an illustration of Peter's school with his name and class listed on it. Next is a scene showing Peter in front of a building labeled 'Middtown High,' followed by him holding up a trophy with text indicating he has won something significant. Another frame shows Peter interacting with someone off-screen while wearing glasses and a blue jacket over a yellow shirt. There are also scenes depicting Peter at home or in a laboratory setting, suggesting scientific endeavors. A final frame shows Peter flying through the air, implying action-packed adventures typical of superhero narratives.",Peter Parker trophy scene,18
173,57,rhQNdGSN068.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhQNdGSN068,"The video features a series of animated frames from 'Peter Parker: The Spectacular Spider-Man' featuring Peter Parker, the protagonist. In the first frame, we see an illustration of Peter's school with his name and class listed on it. Next is a scene showing Peter in front of a building labeled 'Middtown High,' followed by him holding up a trophy with text indicating he has won something significant. Another frame shows Peter interacting with someone off-screen while wearing glasses and a blue jacket over a yellow shirt. There are also scenes depicting Peter at home or in a laboratory setting, suggesting scientific endeavors. A final frame shows Peter flying through the air, implying action-packed adventures typical of superhero narratives.",Peter Parker flying adventure,18
174,58,UGNJEqEm8t4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGNJEqEm8t4,"The video features a series of animated frames from the 'Go Ravens!' comic book. The first frame shows an illustration of a character with blue hair, wearing a black and white checkered shirt, holding a notebook titled 'I'm Nico Minoru'. The background is colorful with various shades of purple and green. In the second frame, another character in a yellow sweater over a white collared shirt appears to be asking if they can do most of their work at home. The third frame depicts a conversation between two characters; one says 'You can do most of the work?' while the other responds affirmatively. The final frame shows a character with blue hair speaking on the phone, indicating that they are being called by someone named Tivs.",Go Ravens comic blue hair with notebook 'I'm Nico Minoru',17
175,58,UGNJEqEm8t4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGNJEqEm8t4,"The video features a series of animated frames from the 'Go Ravens!' comic book. The first frame shows an illustration of a character with blue hair, wearing a black and white checkered shirt, holding a notebook titled 'I'm Nico Minoru'. The background is colorful with various shades of purple and green. In the second frame, another character in a yellow sweater over a white collared shirt appears to be asking if they can do most of their work at home. The third frame depicts a conversation between two characters; one says 'You can do most of the work?' while the other responds affirmatively. The final frame shows a character with blue hair speaking on the phone, indicating that they are being called by someone named Tivs.",Go Ravens comic working from home conversation yellow sweater,17
176,58,UGNJEqEm8t4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGNJEqEm8t4,"The video features a series of animated frames from the 'Go Ravens!' comic book. The first frame shows an illustration of a character with blue hair, wearing a black and white checkered shirt, holding a notebook titled 'I'm Nico Minoru'. The background is colorful with various shades of purple and green. In the second frame, another character in a yellow sweater over a white collared shirt appears to be asking if they can do most of their work at home. The third frame depicts a conversation between two characters; one says 'You can do most of the work?' while the other responds affirmatively. The final frame shows a character with blue hair speaking on the phone, indicating that they are being called by someone named Tivs.",Go Ravens comic Tivs phone call blue hair character,17
177,59,MM-4T5OGARE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MM-4T5OGARE,"The video features a series of interviews at the 'Marvel' and 'Ryan Coogler' movie premiere event. The setting is outdoors with clear skies, and attendees are dressed in formal attire suitable for such an occasion. A red carpet runs through the area, indicating the high-profile nature of the event. Each interviewee holds a microphone branded with 'MARVEL', suggesting they are part of the media coverage. They discuss their thoughts on the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and its potential to become a global phenomenon. One person expresses excitement about the possibility of seeing more characters from the MCU in future films. Another mentions that they would like to see more characters appear in movies, particularly those who have not been featured before. There's also discussion about the impact of the MCU on popular culture and how it has influenced other franchises.",Marvel premiere interview MCU future characters,54
178,59,MM-4T5OGARE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MM-4T5OGARE,"The video features a series of interviews at the 'Marvel' and 'Ryan Coogler' movie premiere event. The setting is outdoors with clear skies, and attendees are dressed in formal attire suitable for such an occasion. A red carpet runs through the area, indicating the high-profile nature of the event. Each interviewee holds a microphone branded with 'MARVEL', suggesting they are part of the media coverage. They discuss their thoughts on the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and its potential to become a global phenomenon. One person expresses excitement about the possibility of seeing more characters from the MCU in future films. Another mentions that they would like to see more characters appear in movies, particularly those who have not been featured before. There's also discussion about the impact of the MCU on popular culture and how it has influenced other franchises.",Ryan Coogler movie premiere interview global MCU phenomenon,54
179,59,MM-4T5OGARE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MM-4T5OGARE,"The video features a series of interviews at the 'Marvel' and 'Ryan Coogler' movie premiere event. The setting is outdoors with clear skies, and attendees are dressed in formal attire suitable for such an occasion. A red carpet runs through the area, indicating the high-profile nature of the event. Each interviewee holds a microphone branded with 'MARVEL', suggesting they are part of the media coverage. They discuss their thoughts on the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and its potential to become a global phenomenon. One person expresses excitement about the possibility of seeing more characters from the MCU in future films. Another mentions that they would like to see more characters appear in movies, particularly those who have not been featured before. There's also discussion about the impact of the MCU on popular culture and how it has influenced other franchises.",Marvel red carpet interview impact on pop culture,54
180,60,mbhIVxLrRxY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbhIVxLrRxY,"The video opens with a night scene of the Empire State Building, transitioning to a black screen with white text 'I CAN'T SEE MY CITY.' The next frame shows an individual in dark clothing and sunglasses standing on a rooftop at night. A close-up follows where we see another person's back as they look out over the cityscape. The scene shifts to a dimly lit room where someone is holding a rope or string, suggesting preparation for action. We then see a close-up of a wooden surface with liquid dripping down it, followed by a red background with the word 'CORRUPT' appearing. Another shot features a man in a suit looking up at a building under misty conditions. The final frames show two characters engaged in combat inside a dimly lit space, one wielding what appears to be a weapon.",Empire State Building rooftop night scene with black-clad figure,32
181,60,mbhIVxLrRxY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbhIVxLrRxY,"The video opens with a night scene of the Empire State Building, transitioning to a black screen with white text 'I CAN'T SEE MY CITY.' The next frame shows an individual in dark clothing and sunglasses standing on a rooftop at night. A close-up follows where we see another person's back as they look out over the cityscape. The scene shifts to a dimly lit room where someone is holding a rope or string, suggesting preparation for action. We then see a close-up of a wooden surface with liquid dripping down it, followed by a red background with the word 'CORRUPT' appearing. Another shot features a man in a suit looking up at a building under misty conditions. The final frames show two characters engaged in combat inside a dimly lit space, one wielding what appears to be a weapon.",dark-clothed rooftop action with rope preparation,32
182,60,mbhIVxLrRxY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbhIVxLrRxY,"The video opens with a night scene of the Empire State Building, transitioning to a black screen with white text 'I CAN'T SEE MY CITY.' The next frame shows an individual in dark clothing and sunglasses standing on a rooftop at night. A close-up follows where we see another person's back as they look out over the cityscape. The scene shifts to a dimly lit room where someone is holding a rope or string, suggesting preparation for action. We then see a close-up of a wooden surface with liquid dripping down it, followed by a red background with the word 'CORRUPT' appearing. Another shot features a man in a suit looking up at a building under misty conditions. The final frames show two characters engaged in combat inside a dimly lit space, one wielding what appears to be a weapon.",dimly lit interior fight with weapon,32
183,61,7X8yvwKHmR8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7X8yvwKHmR8,"The video clip appears to be from a movie or TV show featuring characters in a high-tech, dimly lit environment with industrial elements. The setting seems to be an abandoned facility or warehouse filled with various equipment and machinery scattered around. Characters are seen engaging in combat using weapons like swords and shields. One character is wearing a black suit with red accents, while another has blonde hair and wears dark clothing. There's also a figure dressed entirely in white who stands out against the darker background. The lighting creates dramatic shadows and highlights the intensity of the fight scenes.",black suit sword fight in abandoned warehouse,44
184,61,7X8yvwKHmR8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7X8yvwKHmR8,"The video clip appears to be from a movie or TV show featuring characters in a high-tech, dimly lit environment with industrial elements. The setting seems to be an abandoned facility or warehouse filled with various equipment and machinery scattered around. Characters are seen engaging in combat using weapons like swords and shields. One character is wearing a black suit with red accents, while another has blonde hair and wears dark clothing. There's also a figure dressed entirely in white who stands out against the darker background. The lighting creates dramatic shadows and highlights the intensity of the fight scenes.",white outfit warrior in industrial setting,44
185,61,7X8yvwKHmR8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7X8yvwKHmR8,"The video clip appears to be from a movie or TV show featuring characters in a high-tech, dimly lit environment with industrial elements. The setting seems to be an abandoned facility or warehouse filled with various equipment and machinery scattered around. Characters are seen engaging in combat using weapons like swords and shields. One character is wearing a black suit with red accents, while another has blonde hair and wears dark clothing. There's also a figure dressed entirely in white who stands out against the darker background. The lighting creates dramatic shadows and highlights the intensity of the fight scenes.",combat with swords and shields in dimly lit facility,44
186,62,6BKMHJ1YYXQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BKMHJ1YYXQ,"The video features a character in a superhero costume, likely Captain America, performing an action sequence. The setting appears to be at night with city lights visible through large windows behind the character. The scene is dynamic and intense, suggesting high stakes or a pivotal moment in the narrative. The lighting is dramatic, with red hues dominating the environment, creating a sense of urgency and danger. There's also a brief shot of another person lying on the ground, possibly indicating injury or defeat. The overall tone seems to revolve around themes of heroism, conflict, and perhaps betrayal or loss within the context of the story being told.",Captain America night city battle,22
187,62,6BKMHJ1YYXQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BKMHJ1YYXQ,"The video features a character in a superhero costume, likely Captain America, performing an action sequence. The setting appears to be at night with city lights visible through large windows behind the character. The scene is dynamic and intense, suggesting high stakes or a pivotal moment in the narrative. The lighting is dramatic, with red hues dominating the environment, creating a sense of urgency and danger. There's also a brief shot of another person lying on the ground, possibly indicating injury or defeat. The overall tone seems to revolve around themes of heroism, conflict, and perhaps betrayal or loss within the context of the story being told.",Red lighting Captain America fight,22
188,62,6BKMHJ1YYXQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BKMHJ1YYXQ,"The video features a character in a superhero costume, likely Captain America, performing an action sequence. The setting appears to be at night with city lights visible through large windows behind the character. The scene is dynamic and intense, suggesting high stakes or a pivotal moment in the narrative. The lighting is dramatic, with red hues dominating the environment, creating a sense of urgency and danger. There's also a brief shot of another person lying on the ground, possibly indicating injury or defeat. The overall tone seems to revolve around themes of heroism, conflict, and perhaps betrayal or loss within the context of the story being told.",Captain America injured foe on ground,22
189,63,RFkDXEXk_Vw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFkDXEXk_Vw,"The video features a group of individuals posing for photographs at what appears to be a film premiere or promotional event. They are standing in front of a large yellow backdrop with the word 'THUNDERBIRDS' prominently displayed, indicating the name of the movie they are promoting. The setting is outdoors during daylight, and there's greenery visible behind them. The group consists of men and women dressed formally; some wear suits while others don elegant evening gowns. Their attire suggests an upscale event. In the background, there are trees and buildings that add depth to the scene. As the camera pans across the group, it captures their expressions and poses as they stand together, likely celebrating the occasion.",Thunderbirds movie premiere photoshoot,11
190,63,RFkDXEXk_Vw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFkDXEXk_Vw,"The video features a group of individuals posing for photographs at what appears to be a film premiere or promotional event. They are standing in front of a large yellow backdrop with the word 'THUNDERBIRDS' prominently displayed, indicating the name of the movie they are promoting. The setting is outdoors during daylight, and there's greenery visible behind them. The group consists of men and women dressed formally; some wear suits while others don elegant evening gowns. Their attire suggests an upscale event. In the background, there are trees and buildings that add depth to the scene. As the camera pans across the group, it captures their expressions and poses as they stand together, likely celebrating the occasion.",Thunderbirds cast posing outdoors,11
191,63,RFkDXEXk_Vw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFkDXEXk_Vw,"The video features a group of individuals posing for photographs at what appears to be a film premiere or promotional event. They are standing in front of a large yellow backdrop with the word 'THUNDERBIRDS' prominently displayed, indicating the name of the movie they are promoting. The setting is outdoors during daylight, and there's greenery visible behind them. The group consists of men and women dressed formally; some wear suits while others don elegant evening gowns. Their attire suggests an upscale event. In the background, there are trees and buildings that add depth to the scene. As the camera pans across the group, it captures their expressions and poses as they stand together, likely celebrating the occasion.",Thunderbirds promotional event with yellow backdrop,11
192,64,8VYmQAlqRc0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VYmQAlqRc0,"The video opens with a close-up of a metallic object, possibly jewelry or a piece of equipment, reflecting light on a dark surface. The scene transitions to an individual lying down in what appears to be a dimly lit room, wearing a cross necklace and looking upwards. Text overlays suggest a narrative about someone named 'Nurt' who is being hunted by others. Another shot shows the same person from behind, still in the dimly lit environment. A third frame features text that reads 'A LITTLE SCARED,' indicating fear or vulnerability. Subsequent frames show another character's neck tattooed with a skull design, suggesting a connection between characters or themes related to danger or survival. The final frame displays bold red letters spelling out 'I THINK YOU WANT MY PERMISSION,' hinting at a request for access or control over something significant.",Nurt hunted in dimly lit room,24
193,64,8VYmQAlqRc0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VYmQAlqRc0,"The video opens with a close-up of a metallic object, possibly jewelry or a piece of equipment, reflecting light on a dark surface. The scene transitions to an individual lying down in what appears to be a dimly lit room, wearing a cross necklace and looking upwards. Text overlays suggest a narrative about someone named 'Nurt' who is being hunted by others. Another shot shows the same person from behind, still in the dimly lit environment. A third frame features text that reads 'A LITTLE SCARED,' indicating fear or vulnerability. Subsequent frames show another character's neck tattooed with a skull design, suggesting a connection between characters or themes related to danger or survival. The final frame displays bold red letters spelling out 'I THINK YOU WANT MY PERMISSION,' hinting at a request for access or control over something significant.",skull tattoo neck horror clip,24
194,64,8VYmQAlqRc0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VYmQAlqRc0,"The video opens with a close-up of a metallic object, possibly jewelry or a piece of equipment, reflecting light on a dark surface. The scene transitions to an individual lying down in what appears to be a dimly lit room, wearing a cross necklace and looking upwards. Text overlays suggest a narrative about someone named 'Nurt' who is being hunted by others. Another shot shows the same person from behind, still in the dimly lit environment. A third frame features text that reads 'A LITTLE SCARED,' indicating fear or vulnerability. Subsequent frames show another character's neck tattooed with a skull design, suggesting a connection between characters or themes related to danger or survival. The final frame displays bold red letters spelling out 'I THINK YOU WANT MY PERMISSION,' hinting at a request for access or control over something significant.",cross necklace lying down fear scene,24
195,65,RIu5CJHrDe8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIu5CJHrDe8,"The video opens with a wide shot of New York City, transitioning to an indoor scene where characters are gathered. The focus shifts to a character in black attire standing confidently against a backdrop of city buildings and skyscrapers. A close-up follows as the character speaks about their readiness for action. Another cut shows a group of people inside a vehicle, suggesting preparation or planning. The narrative moves through various scenes including explosions, chaos on streets, and intense combat sequences involving armored figures. Text overlays indicate key moments such as 'This ends today.' and 'This has making teams that can raise to glory.' The color palette is dark with occasional bright flashes from explosions, emphasizing urgency and danger. Characters display determination and resolve throughout these scenes.",New York armored combat with explosions,46
196,65,RIu5CJHrDe8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIu5CJHrDe8,"The video opens with a wide shot of New York City, transitioning to an indoor scene where characters are gathered. The focus shifts to a character in black attire standing confidently against a backdrop of city buildings and skyscrapers. A close-up follows as the character speaks about their readiness for action. Another cut shows a group of people inside a vehicle, suggesting preparation or planning. The narrative moves through various scenes including explosions, chaos on streets, and intense combat sequences involving armored figures. Text overlays indicate key moments such as 'This ends today.' and 'This has making teams that can raise to glory.' The color palette is dark with occasional bright flashes from explosions, emphasizing urgency and danger. Characters display determination and resolve throughout these scenes.",black attire leader speaks readiness NYC,46
197,65,RIu5CJHrDe8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIu5CJHrDe8,"The video opens with a wide shot of New York City, transitioning to an indoor scene where characters are gathered. The focus shifts to a character in black attire standing confidently against a backdrop of city buildings and skyscrapers. A close-up follows as the character speaks about their readiness for action. Another cut shows a group of people inside a vehicle, suggesting preparation or planning. The narrative moves through various scenes including explosions, chaos on streets, and intense combat sequences involving armored figures. Text overlays indicate key moments such as 'This ends today.' and 'This has making teams that can raise to glory.' The color palette is dark with occasional bright flashes from explosions, emphasizing urgency and danger. Characters display determination and resolve throughout these scenes.",vehicle team planning in New York city,46
198,66,7KQJ7udWr4g.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KQJ7udWr4g,"The scene takes place outdoors, likely on a city street with historic buildings in the background. A woman in a black dress is seen walking down a yellow carpet towards an event where autographs are being given out. She has long dark hair and wears high heels. As she approaches, several people stand behind barriers to receive her signature. The crowd consists of individuals dressed in formal attire; some hold cameras or phones, capturing the moment. There's bright daylight casting shadows on the ground, indicating it might be late afternoon. The atmosphere appears lively yet orderly as attendees eagerly await their turn for an autograph.",autograph session with black dress woman on yellow carpet,10
199,66,7KQJ7udWr4g.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KQJ7udWr4g,"The scene takes place outdoors, likely on a city street with historic buildings in the background. A woman in a black dress is seen walking down a yellow carpet towards an event where autographs are being given out. She has long dark hair and wears high heels. As she approaches, several people stand behind barriers to receive her signature. The crowd consists of individuals dressed in formal attire; some hold cameras or phones, capturing the moment. There's bright daylight casting shadows on the ground, indicating it might be late afternoon. The atmosphere appears lively yet orderly as attendees eagerly await their turn for an autograph.",crowd behind barriers receiving celebrity signatures,10
200,66,7KQJ7udWr4g.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KQJ7udWr4g,"The scene takes place outdoors, likely on a city street with historic buildings in the background. A woman in a black dress is seen walking down a yellow carpet towards an event where autographs are being given out. She has long dark hair and wears high heels. As she approaches, several people stand behind barriers to receive her signature. The crowd consists of individuals dressed in formal attire; some hold cameras or phones, capturing the moment. There's bright daylight casting shadows on the ground, indicating it might be late afternoon. The atmosphere appears lively yet orderly as attendees eagerly await their turn for an autograph.",formal attire crowd capturing photos at autograph event,10
201,67,4yb1IJtRJks.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yb1IJtRJks,"The video opens with a wide shot of the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) stadium, where an individual in a white t-shirt and black shorts is seen holding a phone. The sky is clear blue, indicating good weather. As the camera pans up to reveal more of the stadium's facade, it becomes apparent that the person is recording or filming something significant. Suddenly, large inflatable characters resembling Deadpool appear from above, floating against the backdrop of the stadium. These characters are red with black accents and have exaggerated features typical of the character. They move closer to the ground as the scene progresses. The crowd below reacts excitedly; some individuals are seen jumping and cheering. Text overlays on the screen indicate excitement about the arrival of Deadpool at the MCG for April 1st.",Deadpool inflatable MCG,25
202,67,4yb1IJtRJks.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yb1IJtRJks,"The video opens with a wide shot of the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) stadium, where an individual in a white t-shirt and black shorts is seen holding a phone. The sky is clear blue, indicating good weather. As the camera pans up to reveal more of the stadium's facade, it becomes apparent that the person is recording or filming something significant. Suddenly, large inflatable characters resembling Deadpool appear from above, floating against the backdrop of the stadium. These characters are red with black accents and have exaggerated features typical of the character. They move closer to the ground as the scene progresses. The crowd below reacts excitedly; some individuals are seen jumping and cheering. Text overlays on the screen indicate excitement about the arrival of Deadpool at the MCG for April 1st.",Deadpool at MCG April 1,25
203,67,4yb1IJtRJks.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yb1IJtRJks,"The video opens with a wide shot of the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) stadium, where an individual in a white t-shirt and black shorts is seen holding a phone. The sky is clear blue, indicating good weather. As the camera pans up to reveal more of the stadium's facade, it becomes apparent that the person is recording or filming something significant. Suddenly, large inflatable characters resembling Deadpool appear from above, floating against the backdrop of the stadium. These characters are red with black accents and have exaggerated features typical of the character. They move closer to the ground as the scene progresses. The crowd below reacts excitedly; some individuals are seen jumping and cheering. Text overlays on the screen indicate excitement about the arrival of Deadpool at the MCG for April 1st.",Crowd reacts to Deadpool inflatable MCG,25
204,68,lv43QBpLu8k.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lv43QBpLu8k,"The video clip opens with a close-up of a metallic shield, transitioning to an outdoor setting where two individuals are seen conversing. The scene shifts to a dramatic action sequence featuring characters in combat attire against a backdrop of urban destruction and explosions. A character is shown flying through the air while holding a shield, followed by another shot of them engaging in hand-to-hand combat. The environment changes from cityscapes at night to daytime settings with cherry blossom trees. There's also footage of a helicopter taking off amidst chaos. The final frame displays promotional text for 'Captain America: Bvve New World' alongside ticket information.",captain america shield flying scene,31
205,68,lv43QBpLu8k.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lv43QBpLu8k,"The video clip opens with a close-up of a metallic shield, transitioning to an outdoor setting where two individuals are seen conversing. The scene shifts to a dramatic action sequence featuring characters in combat attire against a backdrop of urban destruction and explosions. A character is shown flying through the air while holding a shield, followed by another shot of them engaging in hand-to-hand combat. The environment changes from cityscapes at night to daytime settings with cherry blossom trees. There's also footage of a helicopter taking off amidst chaos. The final frame displays promotional text for 'Captain America: Bvve New World' alongside ticket information.",captain america helicopter takeoff chaos,31
206,68,lv43QBpLu8k.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lv43QBpLu8k,"The video clip opens with a close-up of a metallic shield, transitioning to an outdoor setting where two individuals are seen conversing. The scene shifts to a dramatic action sequence featuring characters in combat attire against a backdrop of urban destruction and explosions. A character is shown flying through the air while holding a shield, followed by another shot of them engaging in hand-to-hand combat. The environment changes from cityscapes at night to daytime settings with cherry blossom trees. There's also footage of a helicopter taking off amidst chaos. The final frame displays promotional text for 'Captain America: Bvve New World' alongside ticket information.",captain america cherry blossom combat,31
207,69,49FPqtJy-1I.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49FPqtJy-1I,"The video clip appears to be from a promotional segment for the movie 'Thunderbolts'. It features various characters in different settings, including an indoor environment with dim lighting and a character standing confidently. There are also scenes of action sequences where individuals seem to be engaged in combat or high-stakes situations. The color palette is dark with hints of orange and red tones, suggesting intense or dramatic moments. Text overlays such as 'YOU CAN'T ESCAPE THE FAST' and 'GET TICKETS' appear on screen, indicating calls to action related to purchasing tickets for the movie. The overall tone seems urgent and suspenseful, aiming to attract viewers to watch the film.",Thunderbolts promo trailer with action scenes,30
208,69,49FPqtJy-1I.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49FPqtJy-1I,"The video clip appears to be from a promotional segment for the movie 'Thunderbolts'. It features various characters in different settings, including an indoor environment with dim lighting and a character standing confidently. There are also scenes of action sequences where individuals seem to be engaged in combat or high-stakes situations. The color palette is dark with hints of orange and red tones, suggesting intense or dramatic moments. Text overlays such as 'YOU CAN'T ESCAPE THE FAST' and 'GET TICKETS' appear on screen, indicating calls to action related to purchasing tickets for the movie. The overall tone seems urgent and suspenseful, aiming to attract viewers to watch the film.",Thunderbolts fast action movie teaser,30
209,69,49FPqtJy-1I.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49FPqtJy-1I,"The video clip appears to be from a promotional segment for the movie 'Thunderbolts'. It features various characters in different settings, including an indoor environment with dim lighting and a character standing confidently. There are also scenes of action sequences where individuals seem to be engaged in combat or high-stakes situations. The color palette is dark with hints of orange and red tones, suggesting intense or dramatic moments. Text overlays such as 'YOU CAN'T ESCAPE THE FAST' and 'GET TICKETS' appear on screen, indicating calls to action related to purchasing tickets for the movie. The overall tone seems urgent and suspenseful, aiming to attract viewers to watch the film.",Thunderbolts ticket call to action,30
210,70,efi4qfOH6AM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efi4qfOH6AM,"The video opens with a close-up of two individuals in an indoor setting, one holding a gun. The scene shifts to another individual being grabbed by the hair and dragged through a room filled with furniture and household items. A struggle ensues as they move towards a kitchen area where more chaos unfolds. The camera captures their movements from various angles, emphasizing the intensity of the fight. Cut to an outdoor urban environment where a person is seen running alongside a motorcycle, followed closely by another individual on foot. They are then shown inside a vehicle, suggesting a high-speed chase or escape. The final frames depict a helicopter hovering above a snowy landscape with military personnel preparing for action, indicating a covert operation or rescue mission.",indoor gunfight with hair grab,57
211,70,efi4qfOH6AM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efi4qfOH6AM,"The video opens with a close-up of two individuals in an indoor setting, one holding a gun. The scene shifts to another individual being grabbed by the hair and dragged through a room filled with furniture and household items. A struggle ensues as they move towards a kitchen area where more chaos unfolds. The camera captures their movements from various angles, emphasizing the intensity of the fight. Cut to an outdoor urban environment where a person is seen running alongside a motorcycle, followed closely by another individual on foot. They are then shown inside a vehicle, suggesting a high-speed chase or escape. The final frames depict a helicopter hovering above a snowy landscape with military personnel preparing for action, indicating a covert operation or rescue mission.",motorcycle chase escape urban,57
212,70,efi4qfOH6AM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efi4qfOH6AM,"The video opens with a close-up of two individuals in an indoor setting, one holding a gun. The scene shifts to another individual being grabbed by the hair and dragged through a room filled with furniture and household items. A struggle ensues as they move towards a kitchen area where more chaos unfolds. The camera captures their movements from various angles, emphasizing the intensity of the fight. Cut to an outdoor urban environment where a person is seen running alongside a motorcycle, followed closely by another individual on foot. They are then shown inside a vehicle, suggesting a high-speed chase or escape. The final frames depict a helicopter hovering above a snowy landscape with military personnel preparing for action, indicating a covert operation or rescue mission.",helicopter snowy military operation,57
213,71,MZaaUAHHCe8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZaaUAHHCe8,"The video opens with a woman in a burgundy blazer sitting on an ornate chair, speaking to someone off-camera. The scene shifts to a man standing by a window, looking out at the street below. A close-up follows of another character holding a hat and coat against a backdrop of greenery. Subsequent frames show various characters engaged in conversation or actions within different settings such as rooms filled with objects like bottles and books, indicating a domestic environment. There are also scenes that suggest a more dramatic atmosphere with dim lighting and shadows cast across the room. Objects like hats, coats, and windows are prominent throughout these sequences. Colors range from warm tones inside the rooms to cooler blues outside, creating contrast between indoor and outdoor environments.",woman burgundy blazer speaking,55
214,71,MZaaUAHHCe8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZaaUAHHCe8,"The video opens with a woman in a burgundy blazer sitting on an ornate chair, speaking to someone off-camera. The scene shifts to a man standing by a window, looking out at the street below. A close-up follows of another character holding a hat and coat against a backdrop of greenery. Subsequent frames show various characters engaged in conversation or actions within different settings such as rooms filled with objects like bottles and books, indicating a domestic environment. There are also scenes that suggest a more dramatic atmosphere with dim lighting and shadows cast across the room. Objects like hats, coats, and windows are prominent throughout these sequences. Colors range from warm tones inside the rooms to cooler blues outside, creating contrast between indoor and outdoor environments.",man by window looking at street,55
215,71,MZaaUAHHCe8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZaaUAHHCe8,"The video opens with a woman in a burgundy blazer sitting on an ornate chair, speaking to someone off-camera. The scene shifts to a man standing by a window, looking out at the street below. A close-up follows of another character holding a hat and coat against a backdrop of greenery. Subsequent frames show various characters engaged in conversation or actions within different settings such as rooms filled with objects like bottles and books, indicating a domestic environment. There are also scenes that suggest a more dramatic atmosphere with dim lighting and shadows cast across the room. Objects like hats, coats, and windows are prominent throughout these sequences. Colors range from warm tones inside the rooms to cooler blues outside, creating contrast between indoor and outdoor environments.",character holding hat coat greenery,55
216,72,s81Sy0o6iVk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s81Sy0o6iVk,"The video opens with a medium shot of two men in an indoor setting, one wearing a dark suit and the other in casual attire. The scene transitions to a close-up of hands holding a wooden object with a yellow star symbol on it against a blurred background. Next, there's a wide shot of a cityscape at dusk or dawn, featuring tall buildings and a prominent clock tower. Following this is a group of people seated on chairs arranged in a semi-circle, engaged in conversation. A man in a green jacket speaks while others listen attentively. The final frames show four individuals sitting side by side; they appear to be discussing something serious as indicated by their body language and facial expressions.",men in dark suit and casual discussing wooden star,58
217,72,s81Sy0o6iVk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s81Sy0o6iVk,"The video opens with a medium shot of two men in an indoor setting, one wearing a dark suit and the other in casual attire. The scene transitions to a close-up of hands holding a wooden object with a yellow star symbol on it against a blurred background. Next, there's a wide shot of a cityscape at dusk or dawn, featuring tall buildings and a prominent clock tower. Following this is a group of people seated on chairs arranged in a semi-circle, engaged in conversation. A man in a green jacket speaks while others listen attentively. The final frames show four individuals sitting side by side; they appear to be discussing something serious as indicated by their body language and facial expressions.",cityscape at dusk with clock tower,58
218,72,s81Sy0o6iVk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s81Sy0o6iVk,"The video opens with a medium shot of two men in an indoor setting, one wearing a dark suit and the other in casual attire. The scene transitions to a close-up of hands holding a wooden object with a yellow star symbol on it against a blurred background. Next, there's a wide shot of a cityscape at dusk or dawn, featuring tall buildings and a prominent clock tower. Following this is a group of people seated on chairs arranged in a semi-circle, engaged in conversation. A man in a green jacket speaks while others listen attentively. The final frames show four individuals sitting side by side; they appear to be discussing something serious as indicated by their body language and facial expressions.",group conversation with green jacket man,58
219,73,e1QtjdRqyAI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1QtjdRqyAI,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a dark shirt, transitioning to a high-speed shot over the ocean. The scene shifts to a dramatic explosion on a ship's deck, followed by a character flying through the air with wings attached to their back. A man is seen clapping in front of a spotlighted background. Next, there's a wide shot of a person running outdoors amidst destruction and debris. Another frame shows a muscular figure standing confidently against a backdrop of fire and smoke. Finally, we see two characters engaged in combat; one wearing a suit with red accents and another in green armor. Throughout these scenes, the lighting varies from natural outdoor light to artificial indoor lights, creating different atmospheres that match the intensity of each action sequence.",dark shirt close‑up with high‑speed ocean shot,16
220,73,e1QtjdRqyAI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1QtjdRqyAI,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a dark shirt, transitioning to a high-speed shot over the ocean. The scene shifts to a dramatic explosion on a ship's deck, followed by a character flying through the air with wings attached to their back. A man is seen clapping in front of a spotlighted background. Next, there's a wide shot of a person running outdoors amidst destruction and debris. Another frame shows a muscular figure standing confidently against a backdrop of fire and smoke. Finally, we see two characters engaged in combat; one wearing a suit with red accents and another in green armor. Throughout these scenes, the lighting varies from natural outdoor light to artificial indoor lights, creating different atmospheres that match the intensity of each action sequence.",ship deck explosion and winged character flying,16
221,73,e1QtjdRqyAI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1QtjdRqyAI,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a dark shirt, transitioning to a high-speed shot over the ocean. The scene shifts to a dramatic explosion on a ship's deck, followed by a character flying through the air with wings attached to their back. A man is seen clapping in front of a spotlighted background. Next, there's a wide shot of a person running outdoors amidst destruction and debris. Another frame shows a muscular figure standing confidently against a backdrop of fire and smoke. Finally, we see two characters engaged in combat; one wearing a suit with red accents and another in green armor. Throughout these scenes, the lighting varies from natural outdoor light to artificial indoor lights, creating different atmospheres that match the intensity of each action sequence.",red suit vs green armor combat scene,16
222,74,ZH8QDgbcUKQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZH8QDgbcUKQ,"The video features a character in an indoor setting, possibly a workshop or lab. The environment is dimly lit with various objects and equipment visible in the background, suggesting a technical or scientific context. The character appears to be engaged in some form of work or study, as indicated by their focused demeanor and the presence of tools like a microscope on a table. Text overlays suggest dialogue about the nature of the task at hand, implying that it involves something unconventional or unusual. There's also mention of 'Bloopers' from Ironheart, hinting at a humorous or unexpected element within the scene. Another text overlay indicates a conversation about cutting someone when they're done, adding a layer of tension or conflict to the narrative.",Ironheart lab scene with microscope,29
223,74,ZH8QDgbcUKQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZH8QDgbcUKQ,"The video features a character in an indoor setting, possibly a workshop or lab. The environment is dimly lit with various objects and equipment visible in the background, suggesting a technical or scientific context. The character appears to be engaged in some form of work or study, as indicated by their focused demeanor and the presence of tools like a microscope on a table. Text overlays suggest dialogue about the nature of the task at hand, implying that it involves something unconventional or unusual. There's also mention of 'Bloopers' from Ironheart, hinting at a humorous or unexpected element within the scene. Another text overlay indicates a conversation about cutting someone when they're done, adding a layer of tension or conflict to the narrative.",Ironheart Bloopers humor,29
224,74,ZH8QDgbcUKQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZH8QDgbcUKQ,"The video features a character in an indoor setting, possibly a workshop or lab. The environment is dimly lit with various objects and equipment visible in the background, suggesting a technical or scientific context. The character appears to be engaged in some form of work or study, as indicated by their focused demeanor and the presence of tools like a microscope on a table. Text overlays suggest dialogue about the nature of the task at hand, implying that it involves something unconventional or unusual. There's also mention of 'Bloopers' from Ironheart, hinting at a humorous or unexpected element within the scene. Another text overlay indicates a conversation about cutting someone when they're done, adding a layer of tension or conflict to the narrative.",Ironheart cutting someone conversation,29
225,75,V0DhEOgWvfs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0DhEOgWvfs,"The video clip features a tense and dramatic scene set in a dark, forest-like environment with greenish hues. A character wearing an elaborate headpiece resembling wings or horns is seen from the back, facing another individual who appears to be speaking sternly. The lighting casts shadows on their faces, adding to the ominous atmosphere. As the conversation progresses, there's a sense of urgency conveyed by the voice-over discussing 'the plan' and its consequences for those involved. The characters are dressed in what seems like fantasy attire, suggesting they might be part of a storybook or fairy tale setting. There are no significant changes in the environment; it remains consistent throughout the frames, maintaining focus on the interaction between the two individuals.",dark forest fantasy confrontation,51
226,75,V0DhEOgWvfs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0DhEOgWvfs,"The video clip features a tense and dramatic scene set in a dark, forest-like environment with greenish hues. A character wearing an elaborate headpiece resembling wings or horns is seen from the back, facing another individual who appears to be speaking sternly. The lighting casts shadows on their faces, adding to the ominous atmosphere. As the conversation progresses, there's a sense of urgency conveyed by the voice-over discussing 'the plan' and its consequences for those involved. The characters are dressed in what seems like fantasy attire, suggesting they might be part of a storybook or fairy tale setting. There are no significant changes in the environment; it remains consistent throughout the frames, maintaining focus on the interaction between the two individuals.",character with winged headpiece conversation,51
227,75,V0DhEOgWvfs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0DhEOgWvfs,"The video clip features a tense and dramatic scene set in a dark, forest-like environment with greenish hues. A character wearing an elaborate headpiece resembling wings or horns is seen from the back, facing another individual who appears to be speaking sternly. The lighting casts shadows on their faces, adding to the ominous atmosphere. As the conversation progresses, there's a sense of urgency conveyed by the voice-over discussing 'the plan' and its consequences for those involved. The characters are dressed in what seems like fantasy attire, suggesting they might be part of a storybook or fairy tale setting. There are no significant changes in the environment; it remains consistent throughout the frames, maintaining focus on the interaction between the two individuals.",greenish forest ominous fantasy dialogue,51
228,76,V0DhEOgWvfs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0DhEOgWvfs,"The video clip features a tense and dramatic scene set in a dark, forest-like environment with greenish hues. A character wearing an elaborate headpiece resembling wings or horns is seen from the back, facing another individual who appears to be speaking sternly. The lighting casts shadows on their faces, adding to the ominous atmosphere. As the conversation progresses, there's a sense of urgency conveyed by the voice-over discussing 'the plan' and its consequences for those involved. The characters are dressed in what seems like fantasy attire, suggesting they might be part of a storybook or fairy tale setting. There are no significant changes in the environment; it remains consistent throughout the frames, maintaining focus on the interaction between the two individuals.",fantasy forest headpiece conversation,51
229,76,V0DhEOgWvfs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0DhEOgWvfs,"The video clip features a tense and dramatic scene set in a dark, forest-like environment with greenish hues. A character wearing an elaborate headpiece resembling wings or horns is seen from the back, facing another individual who appears to be speaking sternly. The lighting casts shadows on their faces, adding to the ominous atmosphere. As the conversation progresses, there's a sense of urgency conveyed by the voice-over discussing 'the plan' and its consequences for those involved. The characters are dressed in what seems like fantasy attire, suggesting they might be part of a storybook or fairy tale setting. There are no significant changes in the environment; it remains consistent throughout the frames, maintaining focus on the interaction between the two individuals.",dark forest fantasy confrontation,51
230,76,V0DhEOgWvfs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0DhEOgWvfs,"The video clip features a tense and dramatic scene set in a dark, forest-like environment with greenish hues. A character wearing an elaborate headpiece resembling wings or horns is seen from the back, facing another individual who appears to be speaking sternly. The lighting casts shadows on their faces, adding to the ominous atmosphere. As the conversation progresses, there's a sense of urgency conveyed by the voice-over discussing 'the plan' and its consequences for those involved. The characters are dressed in what seems like fantasy attire, suggesting they might be part of a storybook or fairy tale setting. There are no significant changes in the environment; it remains consistent throughout the frames, maintaining focus on the interaction between the two individuals.",winged headpiece in forest dialogue,51
231,77,9J_IhqJlJNo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9J_IhqJlJNo,"The video features a person in a dark shirt interacting with a holographic interface, which is the focal point of the scene. The environment appears to be an indoor setting with dim lighting and futuristic elements, such as glowing blue lines and shapes that suggest advanced technology or virtual reality. In the background, there are blurred figures that resemble other people, possibly indicating a crowded space or a public place where multiple individuals might be present. The overall color scheme consists of cool tones like blues and grays, contributing to the high-tech atmosphere. There's also text overlay on the screen that reads 'HOW PARENTS THINK FIXING THE WIFI WORKS,' hinting at a commentary on parental frustration over Wi-Fi issues.",holographic Wi‑Fi troubleshooting demo,11
232,77,9J_IhqJlJNo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9J_IhqJlJNo,"The video features a person in a dark shirt interacting with a holographic interface, which is the focal point of the scene. The environment appears to be an indoor setting with dim lighting and futuristic elements, such as glowing blue lines and shapes that suggest advanced technology or virtual reality. In the background, there are blurred figures that resemble other people, possibly indicating a crowded space or a public place where multiple individuals might be present. The overall color scheme consists of cool tones like blues and grays, contributing to the high-tech atmosphere. There's also text overlay on the screen that reads 'HOW PARENTS THINK FIXING THE WIFI WORKS,' hinting at a commentary on parental frustration over Wi-Fi issues.",dark‑shirt tech tutorial parents fixing Wi‑Fi,11
233,77,9J_IhqJlJNo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9J_IhqJlJNo,"The video features a person in a dark shirt interacting with a holographic interface, which is the focal point of the scene. The environment appears to be an indoor setting with dim lighting and futuristic elements, such as glowing blue lines and shapes that suggest advanced technology or virtual reality. In the background, there are blurred figures that resemble other people, possibly indicating a crowded space or a public place where multiple individuals might be present. The overall color scheme consists of cool tones like blues and grays, contributing to the high-tech atmosphere. There's also text overlay on the screen that reads 'HOW PARENTS THINK FIXING THE WIFI WORKS,' hinting at a commentary on parental frustration over Wi-Fi issues.",futuristic hologram interface for Wi‑Fi repair,11
234,78,BXo9StWwNUc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXo9StWwNUc,"The video opens with a woman in a blue and white patterned cardigan holding a glass of red wine, seated on a couch. The room is warmly lit, suggesting an evening setting. She appears to be engaged in conversation or storytelling, gesturing expressively as she speaks. Another character enters the scene, sitting comfortably in a chair by the window, also holding a glass of wine. This second character seems relaxed and content, enjoying her drink while listening to the first woman's story. As the narrative progresses, more characters join the scene, each taking turns to speak and listen attentively. The environment suggests a cozy living space with comfortable furnishings like sofas and chairs, along with decorative elements such as plants and lamps that contribute to the warm ambiance.",woman in cardigan drinking wine storytelling scene,56
235,78,BXo9StWwNUc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXo9StWwNUc,"The video opens with a woman in a blue and white patterned cardigan holding a glass of red wine, seated on a couch. The room is warmly lit, suggesting an evening setting. She appears to be engaged in conversation or storytelling, gesturing expressively as she speaks. Another character enters the scene, sitting comfortably in a chair by the window, also holding a glass of wine. This second character seems relaxed and content, enjoying her drink while listening to the first woman's story. As the narrative progresses, more characters join the scene, each taking turns to speak and listen attentively. The environment suggests a cozy living space with comfortable furnishings like sofas and chairs, along with decorative elements such as plants and lamps that contribute to the warm ambiance.",cozy living room wine conversation with friends,56
236,78,BXo9StWwNUc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXo9StWwNUc,"The video opens with a woman in a blue and white patterned cardigan holding a glass of red wine, seated on a couch. The room is warmly lit, suggesting an evening setting. She appears to be engaged in conversation or storytelling, gesturing expressively as she speaks. Another character enters the scene, sitting comfortably in a chair by the window, also holding a glass of wine. This second character seems relaxed and content, enjoying her drink while listening to the first woman's story. As the narrative progresses, more characters join the scene, each taking turns to speak and listen attentively. The environment suggests a cozy living space with comfortable furnishings like sofas and chairs, along with decorative elements such as plants and lamps that contribute to the warm ambiance.",group of people sharing stories over wine,56
237,79,D8VAEsqh9ZQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8VAEsqh9ZQ,"The video features a character in a green hospital gown, standing against a dimly lit background that suggests an indoor setting. The environment appears to be a medical facility or laboratory due to the presence of what looks like equipment and containers. The lighting is subdued with shadows cast across the scene, creating a somber atmosphere. In one frame, another individual wearing a black suit with red accents is visible, suggesting they might be part of the same team as the first person. There's also text overlay on some frames stating 'bob mentality,' which could imply a theme or concept being discussed within this context.",green hospital gown patient scene,21
238,79,D8VAEsqh9ZQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8VAEsqh9ZQ,"The video features a character in a green hospital gown, standing against a dimly lit background that suggests an indoor setting. The environment appears to be a medical facility or laboratory due to the presence of what looks like equipment and containers. The lighting is subdued with shadows cast across the scene, creating a somber atmosphere. In one frame, another individual wearing a black suit with red accents is visible, suggesting they might be part of the same team as the first person. There's also text overlay on some frames stating 'bob mentality,' which could imply a theme or concept being discussed within this context.",black suit red accents medical team,21
239,79,D8VAEsqh9ZQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8VAEsqh9ZQ,"The video features a character in a green hospital gown, standing against a dimly lit background that suggests an indoor setting. The environment appears to be a medical facility or laboratory due to the presence of what looks like equipment and containers. The lighting is subdued with shadows cast across the scene, creating a somber atmosphere. In one frame, another individual wearing a black suit with red accents is visible, suggesting they might be part of the same team as the first person. There's also text overlay on some frames stating 'bob mentality,' which could imply a theme or concept being discussed within this context.",bob mentality text overlay,21
240,80,mbCDMwmiGng.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbCDMwmiGng,"The video opens with a wide shot of New York City, transitioning to an indoor scene where characters are gathered. The next frame shows a man in distress on the street amidst chaos. A close-up follows of another character's face showing concern or surprise. We then see a motorcycle speeding through a desert landscape under bright sunlight. Subsequently, there is a medium shot of a person standing by a window overlooking a cityscape at dusk. Another frame captures a car driving down a road during daytime. Finally, we have a promotional image for 'Thor: Ragnarok' featuring a large screen displaying the movie title and logos indicating it's available digitally.",New York City interior character gathering,31
241,80,mbCDMwmiGng.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbCDMwmiGng,"The video opens with a wide shot of New York City, transitioning to an indoor scene where characters are gathered. The next frame shows a man in distress on the street amidst chaos. A close-up follows of another character's face showing concern or surprise. We then see a motorcycle speeding through a desert landscape under bright sunlight. Subsequently, there is a medium shot of a person standing by a window overlooking a cityscape at dusk. Another frame captures a car driving down a road during daytime. Finally, we have a promotional image for 'Thor: Ragnarok' featuring a large screen displaying the movie title and logos indicating it's available digitally.",motorcycle desert chase bright sunlight,31
242,80,mbCDMwmiGng.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbCDMwmiGng,"The video opens with a wide shot of New York City, transitioning to an indoor scene where characters are gathered. The next frame shows a man in distress on the street amidst chaos. A close-up follows of another character's face showing concern or surprise. We then see a motorcycle speeding through a desert landscape under bright sunlight. Subsequently, there is a medium shot of a person standing by a window overlooking a cityscape at dusk. Another frame captures a car driving down a road during daytime. Finally, we have a promotional image for 'Thor: Ragnarok' featuring a large screen displaying the movie title and logos indicating it's available digitally.",Thor: Ragnarok promo digital screen,31
243,81,lOuI9lNK2U4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOuI9lNK2U4,"The video features a tense confrontation between two characters, one in a dark blue and red suit with a star emblem on the chest, suggesting a superhero persona, and another character dressed in elaborate red and gold armor. The setting appears to be an indoor environment with warm lighting, possibly a room or hall within a building. Text overlays indicate dialogue from both characters: 'John's fear level: LOW' and 'John's fear level: MEDIUM'. The armored character expresses concern about being stabbed by John, who responds defensively. There is also text indicating that the armored character has found themselves to be somewhere else, implying they are not at their usual location. The scene conveys tension and conflict as the armored character seems to be trying to defend against the threat posed by John.",John fear level confrontation with red‑gold armored character,34
244,81,lOuI9lNK2U4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOuI9lNK2U4,"The video features a tense confrontation between two characters, one in a dark blue and red suit with a star emblem on the chest, suggesting a superhero persona, and another character dressed in elaborate red and gold armor. The setting appears to be an indoor environment with warm lighting, possibly a room or hall within a building. Text overlays indicate dialogue from both characters: 'John's fear level: LOW' and 'John's fear level: MEDIUM'. The armored character expresses concern about being stabbed by John, who responds defensively. There is also text indicating that the armored character has found themselves to be somewhere else, implying they are not at their usual location. The scene conveys tension and conflict as the armored character seems to be trying to defend against the threat posed by John.",dark blue‑red suit star emblem vs red‑gold armor fight,34
245,81,lOuI9lNK2U4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOuI9lNK2U4,"The video features a tense confrontation between two characters, one in a dark blue and red suit with a star emblem on the chest, suggesting a superhero persona, and another character dressed in elaborate red and gold armor. The setting appears to be an indoor environment with warm lighting, possibly a room or hall within a building. Text overlays indicate dialogue from both characters: 'John's fear level: LOW' and 'John's fear level: MEDIUM'. The armored character expresses concern about being stabbed by John, who responds defensively. There is also text indicating that the armored character has found themselves to be somewhere else, implying they are not at their usual location. The scene conveys tension and conflict as the armored character seems to be trying to defend against the threat posed by John.",John vs armored character in warm‑lit indoor setting,34
246,82,AjfJWDgOxyE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjfJWDgOxyE,"The video opens with a group of individuals in white lab coats and space suits, suggesting a scientific or research setting. The scene shifts to an outdoor environment where people are gathered around a large structure resembling a stadium or arena. A rocket launch is shown next, followed by a character in blue attire performing acrobatic jumps amidst flames, indicating danger or action. Another shot shows a person holding up a green car, possibly symbolizing freedom or escape. The narrative continues with a close-up of a metallic figure standing against a backdrop that suggests high-tech or futuristic elements. The final frame displays the movie's title 'the Fantastic 4' alongside its release date on July 25th, along with promotional text for getting tickets.",Fantastic 4 lab coat scientists,31
247,82,AjfJWDgOxyE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjfJWDgOxyE,"The video opens with a group of individuals in white lab coats and space suits, suggesting a scientific or research setting. The scene shifts to an outdoor environment where people are gathered around a large structure resembling a stadium or arena. A rocket launch is shown next, followed by a character in blue attire performing acrobatic jumps amidst flames, indicating danger or action. Another shot shows a person holding up a green car, possibly symbolizing freedom or escape. The narrative continues with a close-up of a metallic figure standing against a backdrop that suggests high-tech or futuristic elements. The final frame displays the movie's title 'the Fantastic 4' alongside its release date on July 25th, along with promotional text for getting tickets.",Fantastic 4 rocket launch scene,31
248,82,AjfJWDgOxyE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjfJWDgOxyE,"The video opens with a group of individuals in white lab coats and space suits, suggesting a scientific or research setting. The scene shifts to an outdoor environment where people are gathered around a large structure resembling a stadium or arena. A rocket launch is shown next, followed by a character in blue attire performing acrobatic jumps amidst flames, indicating danger or action. Another shot shows a person holding up a green car, possibly symbolizing freedom or escape. The narrative continues with a close-up of a metallic figure standing against a backdrop that suggests high-tech or futuristic elements. The final frame displays the movie's title 'the Fantastic 4' alongside its release date on July 25th, along with promotional text for getting tickets.",Fantastic 4 blue acrobatic jumps,31
249,83,YeLDrFDsCNg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YeLDrFDsCNg,"The video opens with a wide shot of two individuals standing in front of a large screen displaying 'Galactus is coming.' The scene shifts to an exterior night view, showing the same characters and a blue sports car. Next, we see Earth from space, emphasizing its isolation against the vastness of space. A close-up reveals a boot imprint on the ground, suggesting human presence or activity. Following this, there's a medium shot of three figures walking towards what appears to be a spaceship or base, hinting at preparation for an impending event. Another frame shows one figure inside a spacecraft, looking outwards as if preparing for departure. The final frames depict intense action scenes within the spacecraft, showcasing high-energy combat sequences involving characters in spacesuits.",Galactus coming screen with blue sports car,24
250,83,YeLDrFDsCNg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YeLDrFDsCNg,"The video opens with a wide shot of two individuals standing in front of a large screen displaying 'Galactus is coming.' The scene shifts to an exterior night view, showing the same characters and a blue sports car. Next, we see Earth from space, emphasizing its isolation against the vastness of space. A close-up reveals a boot imprint on the ground, suggesting human presence or activity. Following this, there's a medium shot of three figures walking towards what appears to be a spaceship or base, hinting at preparation for an impending event. Another frame shows one figure inside a spacecraft, looking outwards as if preparing for departure. The final frames depict intense action scenes within the spacecraft, showcasing high-energy combat sequences involving characters in spacesuits.",three figures approaching spaceship base,24
251,83,YeLDrFDsCNg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YeLDrFDsCNg,"The video opens with a wide shot of two individuals standing in front of a large screen displaying 'Galactus is coming.' The scene shifts to an exterior night view, showing the same characters and a blue sports car. Next, we see Earth from space, emphasizing its isolation against the vastness of space. A close-up reveals a boot imprint on the ground, suggesting human presence or activity. Following this, there's a medium shot of three figures walking towards what appears to be a spaceship or base, hinting at preparation for an impending event. Another frame shows one figure inside a spacecraft, looking outwards as if preparing for departure. The final frames depict intense action scenes within the spacecraft, showcasing high-energy combat sequences involving characters in spacesuits.",spacesuits combat inside spacecraft,24
252,84,LOviGhw-dTU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOviGhw-dTU,"The video opens with a wide shot of Times Square at night, showcasing the iconic New York City skyline. The scene transitions to an interior setting where characters are engaged in a physical altercation inside what appears to be a subway station or similar public space. A character is seen running away from another individual who seems to have been attacked. Cut to a close-up of a man standing alone on a bridge during dusk; he looks contemplative and possibly distressed. Next, there's a medium shot of two individuals conversing in a dimly lit area that resembles a backstage or backstage dressing room. The final frame shows a silhouette of a person walking down stairs amidst smoke or fog, suggesting danger or urgency. Throughout these scenes, the lighting varies from bright city lights to darker indoor settings, creating different atmospheres for each segment.",Times Square night skyline,32
253,84,LOviGhw-dTU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOviGhw-dTU,"The video opens with a wide shot of Times Square at night, showcasing the iconic New York City skyline. The scene transitions to an interior setting where characters are engaged in a physical altercation inside what appears to be a subway station or similar public space. A character is seen running away from another individual who seems to have been attacked. Cut to a close-up of a man standing alone on a bridge during dusk; he looks contemplative and possibly distressed. Next, there's a medium shot of two individuals conversing in a dimly lit area that resembles a backstage or backstage dressing room. The final frame shows a silhouette of a person walking down stairs amidst smoke or fog, suggesting danger or urgency. Throughout these scenes, the lighting varies from bright city lights to darker indoor settings, creating different atmospheres for each segment.",subway station fight scene,32
254,84,LOviGhw-dTU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOviGhw-dTU,"The video opens with a wide shot of Times Square at night, showcasing the iconic New York City skyline. The scene transitions to an interior setting where characters are engaged in a physical altercation inside what appears to be a subway station or similar public space. A character is seen running away from another individual who seems to have been attacked. Cut to a close-up of a man standing alone on a bridge during dusk; he looks contemplative and possibly distressed. Next, there's a medium shot of two individuals conversing in a dimly lit area that resembles a backstage or backstage dressing room. The final frame shows a silhouette of a person walking down stairs amidst smoke or fog, suggesting danger or urgency. Throughout these scenes, the lighting varies from bright city lights to darker indoor settings, creating different atmospheres for each segment.",bridge dusk contemplative man,32
255,85,lqDZOS3BmzU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqDZOS3BmzU,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters in an urban setting, one wearing a red and blue suit. The scene transitions to a close-up of the same character's face as he speaks directly to the camera, followed by another character in a green jacket conversing with him. Cut to a wide shot showing three individuals standing outside a building; one is dressed in a yellow outfit while others wear suits. A title card appears over them reading 'SWINGIN' ON DISNEY+'. Next, we see a character in a superhero costume flying through the air against a cityscape backdrop. Another character in a black suit interacts with someone off-screen. Subsequently, there are quick cuts between various scenes: a person in a pink and purple suit performing acrobatic moves outdoors, then transitioning to a park where they interact with a child holding a balloon. Finally, the clip ends with a promotional image for 'Disney XD,' featuring iconic Disney characters and text encouraging viewers to subscribe.",Disney XD superhero flying over city,31
256,85,lqDZOS3BmzU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqDZOS3BmzU,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters in an urban setting, one wearing a red and blue suit. The scene transitions to a close-up of the same character's face as he speaks directly to the camera, followed by another character in a green jacket conversing with him. Cut to a wide shot showing three individuals standing outside a building; one is dressed in a yellow outfit while others wear suits. A title card appears over them reading 'SWINGIN' ON DISNEY+'. Next, we see a character in a superhero costume flying through the air against a cityscape backdrop. Another character in a black suit interacts with someone off-screen. Subsequently, there are quick cuts between various scenes: a person in a pink and purple suit performing acrobatic moves outdoors, then transitioning to a park where they interact with a child holding a balloon. Finally, the clip ends with a promotional image for 'Disney XD,' featuring iconic Disney characters and text encouraging viewers to subscribe.",Pink and purple suit acrobatic child balloon,31
257,85,lqDZOS3BmzU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqDZOS3BmzU,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters in an urban setting, one wearing a red and blue suit. The scene transitions to a close-up of the same character's face as he speaks directly to the camera, followed by another character in a green jacket conversing with him. Cut to a wide shot showing three individuals standing outside a building; one is dressed in a yellow outfit while others wear suits. A title card appears over them reading 'SWINGIN' ON DISNEY+'. Next, we see a character in a superhero costume flying through the air against a cityscape backdrop. Another character in a black suit interacts with someone off-screen. Subsequently, there are quick cuts between various scenes: a person in a pink and purple suit performing acrobatic moves outdoors, then transitioning to a park where they interact with a child holding a balloon. Finally, the clip ends with a promotional image for 'Disney XD,' featuring iconic Disney characters and text encouraging viewers to subscribe.",Red and blue suit talking to camera,31
258,86,UCdI1tm0ELU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCdI1tm0ELU,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape, transitioning to an interior scene where characters are engaged in a tense confrontation. The environment is chaotic and action-packed, featuring explosions, gunfire, and dramatic lighting that emphasizes the intensity of the scenes. Characters are seen wearing various costumes indicative of superhero attire, suggesting they are part of a team or group involved in a high-stakes mission. There's a sense of urgency as they move through different settings, from urban environments to what appears to be a vehicle. Text overlays provide context for the actions being performed, such as 'People love a classic hero.' and 'We need to move fast,' indicating strategic planning amidst the chaos. The color palette shifts between warm tones like orange and yellow during intense moments and cooler blues and greys when depicting more subdued situations.",superhero team confrontation in city,31
259,86,UCdI1tm0ELU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCdI1tm0ELU,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape, transitioning to an interior scene where characters are engaged in a tense confrontation. The environment is chaotic and action-packed, featuring explosions, gunfire, and dramatic lighting that emphasizes the intensity of the scenes. Characters are seen wearing various costumes indicative of superhero attire, suggesting they are part of a team or group involved in a high-stakes mission. There's a sense of urgency as they move through different settings, from urban environments to what appears to be a vehicle. Text overlays provide context for the actions being performed, such as 'People love a classic hero.' and 'We need to move fast,' indicating strategic planning amidst the chaos. The color palette shifts between warm tones like orange and yellow during intense moments and cooler blues and greys when depicting more subdued situations.",explosions and gunfire in urban action,31
260,86,UCdI1tm0ELU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCdI1tm0ELU,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape, transitioning to an interior scene where characters are engaged in a tense confrontation. The environment is chaotic and action-packed, featuring explosions, gunfire, and dramatic lighting that emphasizes the intensity of the scenes. Characters are seen wearing various costumes indicative of superhero attire, suggesting they are part of a team or group involved in a high-stakes mission. There's a sense of urgency as they move through different settings, from urban environments to what appears to be a vehicle. Text overlays provide context for the actions being performed, such as 'People love a classic hero.' and 'We need to move fast,' indicating strategic planning amidst the chaos. The color palette shifts between warm tones like orange and yellow during intense moments and cooler blues and greys when depicting more subdued situations.",high stakes mission with vehicle,31
261,87,yX8ztUr5MS0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yX8ztUr5MS0,"The video opens with a close-up of an animated character's face, transitioning to another character in a red and gold suit. The scene shifts to a starry space background with the word 'TIS' appearing on screen. Next, we see a character inside a spaceship cockpit, followed by a title card reading 'THE'. A woman is then shown holding drinks against a backdrop of stars. Another character appears in a festive setting, wearing sunglasses and a hat. The next frame shows a character in a white helmet with glowing eyes. Following this, there are two characters engaged in combat; one wielding a weapon while the other dodges attacks. The final frames depict a large crowd at what seems like a concert or event, illuminated by bright lights.",animated character face with red and gold suit in starry space background,31
262,87,yX8ztUr5MS0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yX8ztUr5MS0,"The video opens with a close-up of an animated character's face, transitioning to another character in a red and gold suit. The scene shifts to a starry space background with the word 'TIS' appearing on screen. Next, we see a character inside a spaceship cockpit, followed by a title card reading 'THE'. A woman is then shown holding drinks against a backdrop of stars. Another character appears in a festive setting, wearing sunglasses and a hat. The next frame shows a character in a white helmet with glowing eyes. Following this, there are two characters engaged in combat; one wielding a weapon while the other dodges attacks. The final frames depict a large crowd at what seems like a concert or event, illuminated by bright lights.",woman holding drinks in starry spaceship cockpit setting,31
263,87,yX8ztUr5MS0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yX8ztUr5MS0,"The video opens with a close-up of an animated character's face, transitioning to another character in a red and gold suit. The scene shifts to a starry space background with the word 'TIS' appearing on screen. Next, we see a character inside a spaceship cockpit, followed by a title card reading 'THE'. A woman is then shown holding drinks against a backdrop of stars. Another character appears in a festive setting, wearing sunglasses and a hat. The next frame shows a character in a white helmet with glowing eyes. Following this, there are two characters engaged in combat; one wielding a weapon while the other dodges attacks. The final frames depict a large crowd at what seems like a concert or event, illuminated by bright lights.","white helmet with glowing eyes in combat scene, weapon vs dodge",31
264,88,_46gtB-lSvo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_46gtB-lSvo,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a dark, eerie setting. The scene transitions to another shot where the same text 'MOTHER MAIDEN. CRONE SPIRITS BE KNOWN' is displayed over an image of a person holding what appears to be a small animal or toy. Following this, there's a medium shot showing two characters engaged in some form of interaction within a dimly lit environment that suggests a secretive or clandestine gathering. Another frame shows a figure bending down towards the ground, possibly indicating stealth or preparation for action. Subsequently, we see a wide shot of multiple figures moving through a space filled with objects and debris, suggesting chaos or urgency. Finally, the clip ends with a dramatic shot of flames engulfing a large structure, creating an atmosphere of destruction or transformation.",Mother Maiden crone spirits teaser,24
265,88,_46gtB-lSvo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_46gtB-lSvo,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a dark, eerie setting. The scene transitions to another shot where the same text 'MOTHER MAIDEN. CRONE SPIRITS BE KNOWN' is displayed over an image of a person holding what appears to be a small animal or toy. Following this, there's a medium shot showing two characters engaged in some form of interaction within a dimly lit environment that suggests a secretive or clandestine gathering. Another frame shows a figure bending down towards the ground, possibly indicating stealth or preparation for action. Subsequently, we see a wide shot of multiple figures moving through a space filled with objects and debris, suggesting chaos or urgency. Finally, the clip ends with a dramatic shot of flames engulfing a large structure, creating an atmosphere of destruction or transformation.",Mother Maiden secretive gathering and stealth,24
266,88,_46gtB-lSvo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_46gtB-lSvo,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a dark, eerie setting. The scene transitions to another shot where the same text 'MOTHER MAIDEN. CRONE SPIRITS BE KNOWN' is displayed over an image of a person holding what appears to be a small animal or toy. Following this, there's a medium shot showing two characters engaged in some form of interaction within a dimly lit environment that suggests a secretive or clandestine gathering. Another frame shows a figure bending down towards the ground, possibly indicating stealth or preparation for action. Subsequently, we see a wide shot of multiple figures moving through a space filled with objects and debris, suggesting chaos or urgency. Finally, the clip ends with a dramatic shot of flames engulfing a large structure, creating an atmosphere of destruction or transformation.",Mother Maiden fire destruction finale,24
267,89,Am5wfOvi0gw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Am5wfOvi0gw,"The video opens with a title card for 'Captain America: Brave New World' featuring the Marvel Studios logo. It transitions to an outdoor setting where Captain America is seen in his iconic suit, readying himself against armed soldiers. The scene shifts to a dramatic aerial shot of a ship exploding amidst flames and smoke, followed by another action-packed sequence on land where Captain America engages in combat with adversaries. A split-screen shows two characters from different angles, emphasizing their intense battle. Subsequently, we see a behind-the-scenes look at a film set with crew members working under bright lights. The final frames depict Captain America flying through the air over water during daylight, showcasing his agility and power. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of urgency and excitement as he fights off threats and battles enemies.",Captain America Brave New World ship explosion,31
268,89,Am5wfOvi0gw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Am5wfOvi0gw,"The video opens with a title card for 'Captain America: Brave New World' featuring the Marvel Studios logo. It transitions to an outdoor setting where Captain America is seen in his iconic suit, readying himself against armed soldiers. The scene shifts to a dramatic aerial shot of a ship exploding amidst flames and smoke, followed by another action-packed sequence on land where Captain America engages in combat with adversaries. A split-screen shows two characters from different angles, emphasizing their intense battle. Subsequently, we see a behind-the-scenes look at a film set with crew members working under bright lights. The final frames depict Captain America flying through the air over water during daylight, showcasing his agility and power. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of urgency and excitement as he fights off threats and battles enemies.",Captain America combat with armed soldiers,31
269,89,Am5wfOvi0gw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Am5wfOvi0gw,"The video opens with a title card for 'Captain America: Brave New World' featuring the Marvel Studios logo. It transitions to an outdoor setting where Captain America is seen in his iconic suit, readying himself against armed soldiers. The scene shifts to a dramatic aerial shot of a ship exploding amidst flames and smoke, followed by another action-packed sequence on land where Captain America engages in combat with adversaries. A split-screen shows two characters from different angles, emphasizing their intense battle. Subsequently, we see a behind-the-scenes look at a film set with crew members working under bright lights. The final frames depict Captain America flying through the air over water during daylight, showcasing his agility and power. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of urgency and excitement as he fights off threats and battles enemies.",Captain America flying over water in bright daylight,31
270,90,2g4dyphV5j8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2g4dyphV5j8,"The video features a group of individuals dressed in costumes, standing outdoors during the daytime. The central figure is wearing a purple superhero costume with a large chest emblem and a helmet that has a visor. To their left stands another person in a white lab coat over blue clothing, while to their right wears a yellow and black suit resembling a character from 'Transformers.' They are positioned on what appears to be a street or public area with palm trees and buildings in the background. A stop sign is visible behind them, indicating they might be at an event like a convention or festival. The sky is clear blue, suggesting good weather conditions.",purple superhero with visor on street stop sign event,11
271,90,2g4dyphV5j8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2g4dyphV5j8,"The video features a group of individuals dressed in costumes, standing outdoors during the daytime. The central figure is wearing a purple superhero costume with a large chest emblem and a helmet that has a visor. To their left stands another person in a white lab coat over blue clothing, while to their right wears a yellow and black suit resembling a character from 'Transformers.' They are positioned on what appears to be a street or public area with palm trees and buildings in the background. A stop sign is visible behind them, indicating they might be at an event like a convention or festival. The sky is clear blue, suggesting good weather conditions.",yellow black transformer‑style suit in public gathering,11
272,90,2g4dyphV5j8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2g4dyphV5j8,"The video features a group of individuals dressed in costumes, standing outdoors during the daytime. The central figure is wearing a purple superhero costume with a large chest emblem and a helmet that has a visor. To their left stands another person in a white lab coat over blue clothing, while to their right wears a yellow and black suit resembling a character from 'Transformers.' They are positioned on what appears to be a street or public area with palm trees and buildings in the background. A stop sign is visible behind them, indicating they might be at an event like a convention or festival. The sky is clear blue, suggesting good weather conditions.",white lab coat over blue clothes beside purple hero,11
273,91,yDkZ-J-xxmY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDkZ-J-xxmY,"The video clip appears to be from a promotional piece for the movie 'Daredevil.' It features two men in suits having a conversation at a diner table, with one man speaking and gesturing while the other listens. The setting is an urban environment during daytime or early evening, as indicated by the natural light coming through the windows. There are coffee cups on the table, suggesting they might be discussing work-related matters. The color palette of the scene includes muted tones like grays and blues, which gives it a serious atmosphere. In another frame, there's a silhouette of a person standing against a backdrop that reads 'GRIPPING,' hinting at action or conflict within the narrative. The final frames show text overlays promoting the film's release date and starring actors Daredevil and Ben Affleck.",Daredevil promotional clip diner conversation,31
274,91,yDkZ-J-xxmY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDkZ-J-xxmY,"The video clip appears to be from a promotional piece for the movie 'Daredevil.' It features two men in suits having a conversation at a diner table, with one man speaking and gesturing while the other listens. The setting is an urban environment during daytime or early evening, as indicated by the natural light coming through the windows. There are coffee cups on the table, suggesting they might be discussing work-related matters. The color palette of the scene includes muted tones like grays and blues, which gives it a serious atmosphere. In another frame, there's a silhouette of a person standing against a backdrop that reads 'GRIPPING,' hinting at action or conflict within the narrative. The final frames show text overlays promoting the film's release date and starring actors Daredevil and Ben Affleck.",Daredevil movie diner scene with Ben Affleck,31
275,91,yDkZ-J-xxmY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDkZ-J-xxmY,"The video clip appears to be from a promotional piece for the movie 'Daredevil.' It features two men in suits having a conversation at a diner table, with one man speaking and gesturing while the other listens. The setting is an urban environment during daytime or early evening, as indicated by the natural light coming through the windows. There are coffee cups on the table, suggesting they might be discussing work-related matters. The color palette of the scene includes muted tones like grays and blues, which gives it a serious atmosphere. In another frame, there's a silhouette of a person standing against a backdrop that reads 'GRIPPING,' hinting at action or conflict within the narrative. The final frames show text overlays promoting the film's release date and starring actors Daredevil and Ben Affleck.",Daredevil promotional teaser with 'GRIPPING' silhouette,31
276,92,P2EuYBiVN5w.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2EuYBiVN5w,"The subject stands in front of a large, bold yellow backdrop with the word 'DERB' prominently displayed. They are dressed formally in a white blouse paired with a black skirt and high heels. The person holds what appears to be a small clutch or purse in their left hand. Their posture is upright and poised as they stand still against the bright background. There's no significant action taking place; it seems like a posed shot for promotional purposes. The lighting is even and well-lit, highlighting the subject without casting harsh shadows. No other objects or people are visible in these frames, focusing all attention on the individual and their attire.",DERB promotional portrait woman in white blouse and black skirt,6
277,92,P2EuYBiVN5w.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2EuYBiVN5w,"The subject stands in front of a large, bold yellow backdrop with the word 'DERB' prominently displayed. They are dressed formally in a white blouse paired with a black skirt and high heels. The person holds what appears to be a small clutch or purse in their left hand. Their posture is upright and poised as they stand still against the bright background. There's no significant action taking place; it seems like a posed shot for promotional purposes. The lighting is even and well-lit, highlighting the subject without casting harsh shadows. No other objects or people are visible in these frames, focusing all attention on the individual and their attire.",formal woman posing with clutch on bold yellow backdrop,6
278,92,P2EuYBiVN5w.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2EuYBiVN5w,"The subject stands in front of a large, bold yellow backdrop with the word 'DERB' prominently displayed. They are dressed formally in a white blouse paired with a black skirt and high heels. The person holds what appears to be a small clutch or purse in their left hand. Their posture is upright and poised as they stand still against the bright background. There's no significant action taking place; it seems like a posed shot for promotional purposes. The lighting is even and well-lit, highlighting the subject without casting harsh shadows. No other objects or people are visible in these frames, focusing all attention on the individual and their attire.",woman wearing high heels in black skirt holding purse,6
279,93,dFf-NsyXKzg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFf-NsyXKzg,"The video clip appears to be from a promotional or behind-the-scenes segment of an action movie. It features various scenes with different characters and settings, including close-ups of hands working on machinery, a character in a futuristic suit, and dynamic shots of vehicles speeding through the city streets. The lighting is dramatic, highlighting the intensity of the scenes. There are also text overlays that provide information about the production team and release date for the film 'Ironheart'.",Ironheart behind the scenes,16
280,93,dFf-NsyXKzg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFf-NsyXKzg,"The video clip appears to be from a promotional or behind-the-scenes segment of an action movie. It features various scenes with different characters and settings, including close-ups of hands working on machinery, a character in a futuristic suit, and dynamic shots of vehicles speeding through the city streets. The lighting is dramatic, highlighting the intensity of the scenes. There are also text overlays that provide information about the production team and release date for the film 'Ironheart'.",Ironheart futuristic suit action,16
281,93,dFf-NsyXKzg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFf-NsyXKzg,"The video clip appears to be from a promotional or behind-the-scenes segment of an action movie. It features various scenes with different characters and settings, including close-ups of hands working on machinery, a character in a futuristic suit, and dynamic shots of vehicles speeding through the city streets. The lighting is dramatic, highlighting the intensity of the scenes. There are also text overlays that provide information about the production team and release date for the film 'Ironheart'.",Ironheart city street vehicle chase,16
282,94,oCjqOgEE1DU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCjqOgEE1DU,"The video opens with a wide shot of the Midtown High School building, featuring red brick walls and blue doors. The scene transitions to an animated character in a green jacket walking towards a yellow school bus on a sunny day. Next, we see another character in a black suit with white accents running past a group of people. Following this is a close-up of a character's face expressing surprise or confusion. Then, there's a medium shot of a character sitting at a desk inside what appears to be a classroom environment. Finally, the video cuts to a title card for 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man' from Disney Animation. Throughout these frames, colors are vibrant, depicting a lively and colorful setting typical of an American high school campus.",Spider-Man animated school bus scene,20
283,94,oCjqOgEE1DU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCjqOgEE1DU,"The video opens with a wide shot of the Midtown High School building, featuring red brick walls and blue doors. The scene transitions to an animated character in a green jacket walking towards a yellow school bus on a sunny day. Next, we see another character in a black suit with white accents running past a group of people. Following this is a close-up of a character's face expressing surprise or confusion. Then, there's a medium shot of a character sitting at a desk inside what appears to be a classroom environment. Finally, the video cuts to a title card for 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man' from Disney Animation. Throughout these frames, colors are vibrant, depicting a lively and colorful setting typical of an American high school campus.",Spider-Man black suit running past people,20
284,94,oCjqOgEE1DU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCjqOgEE1DU,"The video opens with a wide shot of the Midtown High School building, featuring red brick walls and blue doors. The scene transitions to an animated character in a green jacket walking towards a yellow school bus on a sunny day. Next, we see another character in a black suit with white accents running past a group of people. Following this is a close-up of a character's face expressing surprise or confusion. Then, there's a medium shot of a character sitting at a desk inside what appears to be a classroom environment. Finally, the video cuts to a title card for 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man' from Disney Animation. Throughout these frames, colors are vibrant, depicting a lively and colorful setting typical of an American high school campus.",Spider-Man classroom desk scene,20
285,95,mRIX97aofEY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRIX97aofEY,"The video opens with a close-up of a computer screen displaying 'Normal Osborne' in white text, followed by an exterior shot of the OsCorp building. Inside, two characters are seen working at desks; one is wearing a yellow shirt and blue jacket while the other wears a green suit. The scene shifts to a man in a teal suit standing before a large map on a monitor, indicating strategic planning or investigation. A character in a lab coat points towards something off-screen, suggesting discovery or revelation. Another character gives a thumbs up, implying approval or success. In another frame, a person in a teal suit stands confidently next to a desk with a computer showing 'REJECT,' signifying rejection or failure. Finally, a woman in a lab coat holds a test tube, symbolizing scientific research or experimentation.",Normal Osborne computer screen in office,31
286,95,mRIX97aofEY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRIX97aofEY,"The video opens with a close-up of a computer screen displaying 'Normal Osborne' in white text, followed by an exterior shot of the OsCorp building. Inside, two characters are seen working at desks; one is wearing a yellow shirt and blue jacket while the other wears a green suit. The scene shifts to a man in a teal suit standing before a large map on a monitor, indicating strategic planning or investigation. A character in a lab coat points towards something off-screen, suggesting discovery or revelation. Another character gives a thumbs up, implying approval or success. In another frame, a person in a teal suit stands confidently next to a desk with a computer showing 'REJECT,' signifying rejection or failure. Finally, a woman in a lab coat holds a test tube, symbolizing scientific research or experimentation.",OsCorp building interior teamwork scene,31
287,95,mRIX97aofEY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRIX97aofEY,"The video opens with a close-up of a computer screen displaying 'Normal Osborne' in white text, followed by an exterior shot of the OsCorp building. Inside, two characters are seen working at desks; one is wearing a yellow shirt and blue jacket while the other wears a green suit. The scene shifts to a man in a teal suit standing before a large map on a monitor, indicating strategic planning or investigation. A character in a lab coat points towards something off-screen, suggesting discovery or revelation. Another character gives a thumbs up, implying approval or success. In another frame, a person in a teal suit stands confidently next to a desk with a computer showing 'REJECT,' signifying rejection or failure. Finally, a woman in a lab coat holds a test tube, symbolizing scientific research or experimentation.",Teal suit map strategy planning,31
288,96,2vYP7z5ekHc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vYP7z5ekHc,"The video features a man standing on a red carpet at what appears to be a movie premiere event. He is dressed in a long brown coat, white t-shirt with the text 'PROTECT THE DOLLS', and black pants. The background includes yellow signage with large letters spelling out 'THUNDERBOTS' and other promotional material for the film. Trees are visible behind him, indicating an outdoor setting during daylight hours. As he walks towards the camera, his hands move from his pockets to gesturing outward as if waving or signaling. His demeanor seems casual yet confident.",Thunderbots premiere red carpet,26
289,96,2vYP7z5ekHc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vYP7z5ekHc,"The video features a man standing on a red carpet at what appears to be a movie premiere event. He is dressed in a long brown coat, white t-shirt with the text 'PROTECT THE DOLLS', and black pants. The background includes yellow signage with large letters spelling out 'THUNDERBOTS' and other promotional material for the film. Trees are visible behind him, indicating an outdoor setting during daylight hours. As he walks towards the camera, his hands move from his pockets to gesturing outward as if waving or signaling. His demeanor seems casual yet confident.",man with PROTECT THE DOLLS t-shirt on red carpet,26
290,96,2vYP7z5ekHc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vYP7z5ekHc,"The video features a man standing on a red carpet at what appears to be a movie premiere event. He is dressed in a long brown coat, white t-shirt with the text 'PROTECT THE DOLLS', and black pants. The background includes yellow signage with large letters spelling out 'THUNDERBOTS' and other promotional material for the film. Trees are visible behind him, indicating an outdoor setting during daylight hours. As he walks towards the camera, his hands move from his pockets to gesturing outward as if waving or signaling. His demeanor seems casual yet confident.",brown coat walking to camera on movie premiere,26
291,97,DD21f3VBnNE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DD21f3VBnNE,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape, transitioning to text on a blue background. It then cuts to an aerial view of the same city, followed by a close-up of a character's face in a futuristic helmet surrounded by popcorn. The scene shifts to a group of people conversing indoors; one is wearing a white shirt with '4' printed on it. A man in space suit appears next, and the focus returns to the character from earlier. The final frames show another close-up of the character's helmet against a dark backdrop, emphasizing its intricate design and glowing eyes. Throughout these scenes, there are no discernible camera movements or actions other than transitions between shots.",futuristic helmet with popcorn,40
292,97,DD21f3VBnNE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DD21f3VBnNE,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape, transitioning to text on a blue background. It then cuts to an aerial view of the same city, followed by a close-up of a character's face in a futuristic helmet surrounded by popcorn. The scene shifts to a group of people conversing indoors; one is wearing a white shirt with '4' printed on it. A man in space suit appears next, and the focus returns to the character from earlier. The final frames show another close-up of the character's helmet against a dark backdrop, emphasizing its intricate design and glowing eyes. Throughout these scenes, there are no discernible camera movements or actions other than transitions between shots.",city aerial view with blue background text,40
293,97,DD21f3VBnNE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DD21f3VBnNE,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape, transitioning to text on a blue background. It then cuts to an aerial view of the same city, followed by a close-up of a character's face in a futuristic helmet surrounded by popcorn. The scene shifts to a group of people conversing indoors; one is wearing a white shirt with '4' printed on it. A man in space suit appears next, and the focus returns to the character from earlier. The final frames show another close-up of the character's helmet against a dark backdrop, emphasizing its intricate design and glowing eyes. Throughout these scenes, there are no discernible camera movements or actions other than transitions between shots.",man in space suit cameo,40
294,98,mcdlCV-RT4k.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcdlCV-RT4k,"The video opens with a night-time cityscape, transitioning to an indoor setting where we see a person in casual attire. The scene shifts dramatically to a chaotic environment filled with smoke and bright lights, suggesting a high-stakes situation. A character is seen holding a gun, indicating tension or conflict. Another frame shows the same character from behind, emphasizing their presence amidst the chaos. Subsequently, there's a close-up of another individual wearing what appears to be tactical gear, hinting at preparedness for action. The final frames depict two characters engaged in combat within a dimly lit room, showcasing intense physical interaction against a backdrop that suggests secrecy or danger. Throughout these scenes, the lighting varies from natural daylight to artificial sources, creating different atmospheres.",nighttime cityscape with gun-tension scene,16
295,98,mcdlCV-RT4k.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcdlCV-RT4k,"The video opens with a night-time cityscape, transitioning to an indoor setting where we see a person in casual attire. The scene shifts dramatically to a chaotic environment filled with smoke and bright lights, suggesting a high-stakes situation. A character is seen holding a gun, indicating tension or conflict. Another frame shows the same character from behind, emphasizing their presence amidst the chaos. Subsequently, there's a close-up of another individual wearing what appears to be tactical gear, hinting at preparedness for action. The final frames depict two characters engaged in combat within a dimly lit room, showcasing intense physical interaction against a backdrop that suggests secrecy or danger. Throughout these scenes, the lighting varies from natural daylight to artificial sources, creating different atmospheres.",tactical gear close-up amidst smoke and bright lights,16
296,98,mcdlCV-RT4k.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcdlCV-RT4k,"The video opens with a night-time cityscape, transitioning to an indoor setting where we see a person in casual attire. The scene shifts dramatically to a chaotic environment filled with smoke and bright lights, suggesting a high-stakes situation. A character is seen holding a gun, indicating tension or conflict. Another frame shows the same character from behind, emphasizing their presence amidst the chaos. Subsequently, there's a close-up of another individual wearing what appears to be tactical gear, hinting at preparedness for action. The final frames depict two characters engaged in combat within a dimly lit room, showcasing intense physical interaction against a backdrop that suggests secrecy or danger. Throughout these scenes, the lighting varies from natural daylight to artificial sources, creating different atmospheres.",dimly lit room two-characters combat,16
297,99,jepI59V12CY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jepI59V12CY,"The video opens with a split-screen showing two different scenes: one of an orchestra playing in a room, and the other of a person riding a motorcycle through a desert-like environment. The scene transitions to another split-screen where we see a group of people running on a city street amidst chaos, followed by a close-up of someone's hand holding a gun. Next, there is a shot of a person sitting alone in what appears to be a dimly lit room or studio. Following this are more action-packed sequences featuring explosions and characters performing acrobatic stunts against urban backdrops. The final frame shows a logo for 'Marvel Studios Thunderbolts' over a black background.",orchestra split-screen motorcycle desert,33
298,99,jepI59V12CY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jepI59V12CY,"The video opens with a split-screen showing two different scenes: one of an orchestra playing in a room, and the other of a person riding a motorcycle through a desert-like environment. The scene transitions to another split-screen where we see a group of people running on a city street amidst chaos, followed by a close-up of someone's hand holding a gun. Next, there is a shot of a person sitting alone in what appears to be a dimly lit room or studio. Following this are more action-packed sequences featuring explosions and characters performing acrobatic stunts against urban backdrops. The final frame shows a logo for 'Marvel Studios Thunderbolts' over a black background.",city street chaos running gun hand,33
299,99,jepI59V12CY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jepI59V12CY,"The video opens with a split-screen showing two different scenes: one of an orchestra playing in a room, and the other of a person riding a motorcycle through a desert-like environment. The scene transitions to another split-screen where we see a group of people running on a city street amidst chaos, followed by a close-up of someone's hand holding a gun. Next, there is a shot of a person sitting alone in what appears to be a dimly lit room or studio. Following this are more action-packed sequences featuring explosions and characters performing acrobatic stunts against urban backdrops. The final frame shows a logo for 'Marvel Studios Thunderbolts' over a black background.",Marvel Thunderbolts explosions acrobatic stunts,33
300,100,nsULw8VF_H8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsULw8VF_H8,"The video clip opens with a close-up of an animated character's face, transitioning to another character in a white and blue suit against a starry background. The text 'THE SEASON THAT' appears next, followed by the word 'ENDS IT ALL'. A character is shown from behind, then a robot-like figure wielding a weapon; it's followed by a superhero in red and gold armor. The final frame displays the title 'MARVEL ANIMATION WHAT IF... SEASON 3', indicating that this is part of Marvel's animation series featuring alternate scenarios or storylines. Throughout these frames, there are no discernible changes in lighting or environment as they seem to be static images rather than dynamic scenes.",Marvel Animation What If season 3 teaser,16
301,100,nsULw8VF_H8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsULw8VF_H8,"The video clip opens with a close-up of an animated character's face, transitioning to another character in a white and blue suit against a starry background. The text 'THE SEASON THAT' appears next, followed by the word 'ENDS IT ALL'. A character is shown from behind, then a robot-like figure wielding a weapon; it's followed by a superhero in red and gold armor. The final frame displays the title 'MARVEL ANIMATION WHAT IF... SEASON 3', indicating that this is part of Marvel's animation series featuring alternate scenarios or storylines. Throughout these frames, there are no discernible changes in lighting or environment as they seem to be static images rather than dynamic scenes.",white and blue suit starry background character,16
302,100,nsULw8VF_H8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsULw8VF_H8,"The video clip opens with a close-up of an animated character's face, transitioning to another character in a white and blue suit against a starry background. The text 'THE SEASON THAT' appears next, followed by the word 'ENDS IT ALL'. A character is shown from behind, then a robot-like figure wielding a weapon; it's followed by a superhero in red and gold armor. The final frame displays the title 'MARVEL ANIMATION WHAT IF... SEASON 3', indicating that this is part of Marvel's animation series featuring alternate scenarios or storylines. Throughout these frames, there are no discernible changes in lighting or environment as they seem to be static images rather than dynamic scenes.",red and gold superhero Marvel animation,16
303,101,XTr260KCG_s.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTr260KCG_s,"The video features a series of interviews at the San Diego Comic-Con, with two individuals conversing. The first individual is dressed in a black t-shirt with a graphic design and holds a blue microphone, while the second person wears a black top with red pants. They discuss their experiences working on 'Marvel Family' and share personal anecdotes about the show's success. One interviewee mentions that they are about to start filming for another project called 'Pride,' which has an ensemble cast. Another individual expresses excitement about being part of the cast and discussing the movie's plot involving Vanelle Kirby as an assassin. The background consistently shows the Comic-Con logo, indicating the setting. Throughout the conversation, there are moments where one person speaks into the microphone held by the other, who listens attentively before responding or asking questions.",Marvel Family interview San Diego Comic-Con,59
304,101,XTr260KCG_s.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTr260KCG_s,"The video features a series of interviews at the San Diego Comic-Con, with two individuals conversing. The first individual is dressed in a black t-shirt with a graphic design and holds a blue microphone, while the second person wears a black top with red pants. They discuss their experiences working on 'Marvel Family' and share personal anecdotes about the show's success. One interviewee mentions that they are about to start filming for another project called 'Pride,' which has an ensemble cast. Another individual expresses excitement about being part of the cast and discussing the movie's plot involving Vanelle Kirby as an assassin. The background consistently shows the Comic-Con logo, indicating the setting. Throughout the conversation, there are moments where one person speaks into the microphone held by the other, who listens attentively before responding or asking questions.",Pride ensemble cast interview Vanelle Kirby assassin,59
305,101,XTr260KCG_s.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTr260KCG_s,"The video features a series of interviews at the San Diego Comic-Con, with two individuals conversing. The first individual is dressed in a black t-shirt with a graphic design and holds a blue microphone, while the second person wears a black top with red pants. They discuss their experiences working on 'Marvel Family' and share personal anecdotes about the show's success. One interviewee mentions that they are about to start filming for another project called 'Pride,' which has an ensemble cast. Another individual expresses excitement about being part of the cast and discussing the movie's plot involving Vanelle Kirby as an assassin. The background consistently shows the Comic-Con logo, indicating the setting. Throughout the conversation, there are moments where one person speaks into the microphone held by the other, who listens attentively before responding or asking questions.",Comic-Con interview Vanelle Kirby assassin plot,59
306,102,yqsqJYppoPE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqsqJYppoPE,"The video captures a bustling red carpet event, likely for the premiere of 'Thor: Ragnarok'. A man in a dark suit and tie is seen walking alongside a woman with long hair carrying a black handbag. They are surrounded by enthusiastic fans eagerly reaching out to take photos or autographs from them. The backdrop features large posters promoting the movie, prominently displaying the title 'THOR RAGNAROK' along with images of characters from the film. The environment is lively with bright yellow barriers separating the attendees from the main area where the celebrities interact. There's an array of colorful clothing among the crowd, indicating diverse fashion choices at this high-profile event. The lighting appears natural, suggesting daytime filming conditions.",Thor Ragnarok red carpet event,9
307,102,yqsqJYppoPE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqsqJYppoPE,"The video captures a bustling red carpet event, likely for the premiere of 'Thor: Ragnarok'. A man in a dark suit and tie is seen walking alongside a woman with long hair carrying a black handbag. They are surrounded by enthusiastic fans eagerly reaching out to take photos or autographs from them. The backdrop features large posters promoting the movie, prominently displaying the title 'THOR RAGNAROK' along with images of characters from the film. The environment is lively with bright yellow barriers separating the attendees from the main area where the celebrities interact. There's an array of colorful clothing among the crowd, indicating diverse fashion choices at this high-profile event. The lighting appears natural, suggesting daytime filming conditions.",Thor Ragnarok premiere fan photos,9
308,102,yqsqJYppoPE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqsqJYppoPE,"The video captures a bustling red carpet event, likely for the premiere of 'Thor: Ragnarok'. A man in a dark suit and tie is seen walking alongside a woman with long hair carrying a black handbag. They are surrounded by enthusiastic fans eagerly reaching out to take photos or autographs from them. The backdrop features large posters promoting the movie, prominently displaying the title 'THOR RAGNAROK' along with images of characters from the film. The environment is lively with bright yellow barriers separating the attendees from the main area where the celebrities interact. There's an array of colorful clothing among the crowd, indicating diverse fashion choices at this high-profile event. The lighting appears natural, suggesting daytime filming conditions.",Thor Ragnarok movie posters on red carpet,9
309,103,GBuXgQ1m0E0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBuXgQ1m0E0,"The video features a person dressed in an elaborate costume resembling the character Deadpool from Marvel. The individual is wearing a red dress with black accents, including gloves and a belt labeled 'MISSISSIPPI.' They are also adorned with a crown-like headpiece that has silver details. In their hands, they hold a bouquet of red roses. The setting appears to be an indoor event space filled with other attendees and various booths or displays in the background. The lighting is bright, likely artificial, illuminating the scene evenly. There's no significant action taking place; it seems more like posing for photos or showcasing the costume. The environment suggests this could be at a convention or similar gathering where cosplay enthusiasts gather.",Deadpool cosplay Mississippi costume,8
310,103,GBuXgQ1m0E0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBuXgQ1m0E0,"The video features a person dressed in an elaborate costume resembling the character Deadpool from Marvel. The individual is wearing a red dress with black accents, including gloves and a belt labeled 'MISSISSIPPI.' They are also adorned with a crown-like headpiece that has silver details. In their hands, they hold a bouquet of red roses. The setting appears to be an indoor event space filled with other attendees and various booths or displays in the background. The lighting is bright, likely artificial, illuminating the scene evenly. There's no significant action taking place; it seems more like posing for photos or showcasing the costume. The environment suggests this could be at a convention or similar gathering where cosplay enthusiasts gather.",Deadpool costume with red dress and black accents,8
311,103,GBuXgQ1m0E0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBuXgQ1m0E0,"The video features a person dressed in an elaborate costume resembling the character Deadpool from Marvel. The individual is wearing a red dress with black accents, including gloves and a belt labeled 'MISSISSIPPI.' They are also adorned with a crown-like headpiece that has silver details. In their hands, they hold a bouquet of red roses. The setting appears to be an indoor event space filled with other attendees and various booths or displays in the background. The lighting is bright, likely artificial, illuminating the scene evenly. There's no significant action taking place; it seems more like posing for photos or showcasing the costume. The environment suggests this could be at a convention or similar gathering where cosplay enthusiasts gather.",Deadpool cosplay convention bouquet roses,8
312,104,jHzo9QYwoKI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHzo9QYwoKI,"The video showcases a series of scenes from the Marvel Universe, focusing on various characters and their costumes. It begins with a close-up of a mannequin dressed in a red suit resembling Spider-Man's costume against a brick wall backdrop. The scene transitions to an animated sequence featuring multiple superheroes like Iron Man and Captain America, followed by a large banner reading 'YOUR FRIENDLY HEROES OF SPIDER-MAN' set against a cityscape background. Next, there is a display of a LEGO figure in black armor labeled 'LEGO MARVEL,' then a poster for 'MARVEL'S THE CUNSTERS OF CHAMPIONS.' Following this are images of a menacing creature and another character in green attire. A promotional screen for 'AGATHA ALL ALONG' appears next, showcasing two mannequins in different outfits. Finally, the video ends with a digital interface displaying 'MAGIC The Gathering: Deciphered' card game options and concludes with a mural of the word 'MARVEL' composed of various superhero figures.",Spider-Man mannequin red suit brick wall,35
313,104,jHzo9QYwoKI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHzo9QYwoKI,"The video showcases a series of scenes from the Marvel Universe, focusing on various characters and their costumes. It begins with a close-up of a mannequin dressed in a red suit resembling Spider-Man's costume against a brick wall backdrop. The scene transitions to an animated sequence featuring multiple superheroes like Iron Man and Captain America, followed by a large banner reading 'YOUR FRIENDLY HEROES OF SPIDER-MAN' set against a cityscape background. Next, there is a display of a LEGO figure in black armor labeled 'LEGO MARVEL,' then a poster for 'MARVEL'S THE CUNSTERS OF CHAMPIONS.' Following this are images of a menacing creature and another character in green attire. A promotional screen for 'AGATHA ALL ALONG' appears next, showcasing two mannequins in different outfits. Finally, the video ends with a digital interface displaying 'MAGIC The Gathering: Deciphered' card game options and concludes with a mural of the word 'MARVEL' composed of various superhero figures.",LEGO Marvel black armor figure,35
314,104,jHzo9QYwoKI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHzo9QYwoKI,"The video showcases a series of scenes from the Marvel Universe, focusing on various characters and their costumes. It begins with a close-up of a mannequin dressed in a red suit resembling Spider-Man's costume against a brick wall backdrop. The scene transitions to an animated sequence featuring multiple superheroes like Iron Man and Captain America, followed by a large banner reading 'YOUR FRIENDLY HEROES OF SPIDER-MAN' set against a cityscape background. Next, there is a display of a LEGO figure in black armor labeled 'LEGO MARVEL,' then a poster for 'MARVEL'S THE CUNSTERS OF CHAMPIONS.' Following this are images of a menacing creature and another character in green attire. A promotional screen for 'AGATHA ALL ALONG' appears next, showcasing two mannequins in different outfits. Finally, the video ends with a digital interface displaying 'MAGIC The Gathering: Deciphered' card game options and concludes with a mural of the word 'MARVEL' composed of various superhero figures.",Marvel mural composed of superhero figures,35
315,105,sTQZuKuTFxs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTQZuKuTFxs,"The video features a group of animated characters, including a bear-like creature and others in futuristic attire, standing on platforms against a starry backdrop. The scene transitions to the interior of a spaceship where one character is seen from behind, with another character inside the cockpit. A colorful, whimsical space environment follows, showcasing various planets and structures. Characters are then shown walking through this vibrant setting, passing by floating objects like a globe and a large pink structure resembling a rocket or spacecraft. The final frame presents three characters standing together against a purple background with 'MARVEL' text, indicating an association with Marvel properties.",animated bear-like creature in space adventure,31
316,105,sTQZuKuTFxs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTQZuKuTFxs,"The video features a group of animated characters, including a bear-like creature and others in futuristic attire, standing on platforms against a starry backdrop. The scene transitions to the interior of a spaceship where one character is seen from behind, with another character inside the cockpit. A colorful, whimsical space environment follows, showcasing various planets and structures. Characters are then shown walking through this vibrant setting, passing by floating objects like a globe and a large pink structure resembling a rocket or spacecraft. The final frame presents three characters standing together against a purple background with 'MARVEL' text, indicating an association with Marvel properties.",Marvel characters in colorful futuristic spaceship,31
317,105,sTQZuKuTFxs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTQZuKuTFxs,"The video features a group of animated characters, including a bear-like creature and others in futuristic attire, standing on platforms against a starry backdrop. The scene transitions to the interior of a spaceship where one character is seen from behind, with another character inside the cockpit. A colorful, whimsical space environment follows, showcasing various planets and structures. Characters are then shown walking through this vibrant setting, passing by floating objects like a globe and a large pink structure resembling a rocket or spacecraft. The final frame presents three characters standing together against a purple background with 'MARVEL' text, indicating an association with Marvel properties.",pink rocket floating in whimsical space environment,31
318,106,-f-MDvsrXOg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-f-MDvsrXOg,"The video features a character in elaborate, dark armor with gold accents and green details. The armor has intricate designs and appears to be made of metal. In the background, there is an indoor setting that resembles a grand hall or lobby area with warm lighting and wooden elements. The floor is scattered with debris from what seems like a recent battle. A large, muscular figure resembling Hulk stands over the fallen character, who lies on the ground amidst rubble. The environment suggests chaos and destruction, possibly after a significant fight scene. The color palette consists of muted tones with splashes of green from the armor and brownish hues from the surroundings.",dark armored warrior,16
319,106,-f-MDvsrXOg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-f-MDvsrXOg,"The video features a character in elaborate, dark armor with gold accents and green details. The armor has intricate designs and appears to be made of metal. In the background, there is an indoor setting that resembles a grand hall or lobby area with warm lighting and wooden elements. The floor is scattered with debris from what seems like a recent battle. A large, muscular figure resembling Hulk stands over the fallen character, who lies on the ground amidst rubble. The environment suggests chaos and destruction, possibly after a significant fight scene. The color palette consists of muted tones with splashes of green from the armor and brownish hues from the surroundings.",Hulk standing over fallen character,16
320,106,-f-MDvsrXOg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-f-MDvsrXOg,"The video features a character in elaborate, dark armor with gold accents and green details. The armor has intricate designs and appears to be made of metal. In the background, there is an indoor setting that resembles a grand hall or lobby area with warm lighting and wooden elements. The floor is scattered with debris from what seems like a recent battle. A large, muscular figure resembling Hulk stands over the fallen character, who lies on the ground amidst rubble. The environment suggests chaos and destruction, possibly after a significant fight scene. The color palette consists of muted tones with splashes of green from the armor and brownish hues from the surroundings.",battle debris in grand hall,16
321,107,i3QuvyPqHXo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3QuvyPqHXo,"The video opens with a dimly lit corridor leading to an exit, where the environment is illuminated by red lighting. A character dressed in black and white tactical gear enters from the right side of the frame, moving towards the camera. The scene transitions to show this character standing still against a chain-link fence, wearing a mask that covers their entire face except for one eye. They are holding what appears to be a weapon on their back. As they stand there, the scene shifts to color grading, showing them in full view again but now in grayscale. Text overlays indicate it's April 7th at 3:44 AM. The final shot returns to the original color grading as the character remains stationary.",tactical gear masked figure on chain‑link fence,19
322,107,i3QuvyPqHXo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3QuvyPqHXo,"The video opens with a dimly lit corridor leading to an exit, where the environment is illuminated by red lighting. A character dressed in black and white tactical gear enters from the right side of the frame, moving towards the camera. The scene transitions to show this character standing still against a chain-link fence, wearing a mask that covers their entire face except for one eye. They are holding what appears to be a weapon on their back. As they stand there, the scene shifts to color grading, showing them in full view again but now in grayscale. Text overlays indicate it's April 7th at 3:44 AM. The final shot returns to the original color grading as the character remains stationary.",grayscale corridor red lighting with masked character,19
323,107,i3QuvyPqHXo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3QuvyPqHXo,"The video opens with a dimly lit corridor leading to an exit, where the environment is illuminated by red lighting. A character dressed in black and white tactical gear enters from the right side of the frame, moving towards the camera. The scene transitions to show this character standing still against a chain-link fence, wearing a mask that covers their entire face except for one eye. They are holding what appears to be a weapon on their back. As they stand there, the scene shifts to color grading, showing them in full view again but now in grayscale. Text overlays indicate it's April 7th at 3:44 AM. The final shot returns to the original color grading as the character remains stationary.",red‑lit exit corridor night scene with tactical gear,19
324,108,Q8RwiB9LSnk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8RwiB9LSnk,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a dark jacket, transitioning to another person wearing a black top and beige collar. The scene shifts dramatically to a fiery explosion, followed by the same individual from earlier, now appearing distressed or scared. A title card appears stating 'NEW TRAILER' against a dark background. Another frame shows two individuals running through what seems like a forest at night; one is dressed in white while the other wears darker clothing. The final shot returns to the initial setting where the first individual looks up in fear as flames engulf them. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of urgency and danger conveyed through lighting changes, expressions, and actions that suggest a narrative involving survival or escape.",dark jacket explosion survival trailer,26
325,108,Q8RwiB9LSnk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8RwiB9LSnk,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a dark jacket, transitioning to another person wearing a black top and beige collar. The scene shifts dramatically to a fiery explosion, followed by the same individual from earlier, now appearing distressed or scared. A title card appears stating 'NEW TRAILER' against a dark background. Another frame shows two individuals running through what seems like a forest at night; one is dressed in white while the other wears darker clothing. The final shot returns to the initial setting where the first individual looks up in fear as flames engulf them. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of urgency and danger conveyed through lighting changes, expressions, and actions that suggest a narrative involving survival or escape.",night forest chase white and black characters,26
326,108,Q8RwiB9LSnk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8RwiB9LSnk,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a dark jacket, transitioning to another person wearing a black top and beige collar. The scene shifts dramatically to a fiery explosion, followed by the same individual from earlier, now appearing distressed or scared. A title card appears stating 'NEW TRAILER' against a dark background. Another frame shows two individuals running through what seems like a forest at night; one is dressed in white while the other wears darker clothing. The final shot returns to the initial setting where the first individual looks up in fear as flames engulf them. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of urgency and danger conveyed through lighting changes, expressions, and actions that suggest a narrative involving survival or escape.",person in flames fear scene,26
327,109,IazVEzNl5Vk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IazVEzNl5Vk,"The video features a person in a white top, holding and examining a red leather object with intricate patterns. The individual appears to be using a brush or tool on the item, possibly cleaning or polishing it. In front of them are several glass jars filled with various substances, likely for comparison purposes. The background is dark, focusing attention on the subject's actions. Text overlays appear throughout the clip, indicating that this is part of a segment from 'Valentina Allegria de Fontaine,' suggesting an educational or demonstrative context. Towards the end of the sequence, there is a transition to a black screen displaying promotional text for 'Marvel Studios Thunderbolts' with the tagline 'Now Playing.'",Valentina Allegria de Fontaine leather cleaning demo,15
328,109,IazVEzNl5Vk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IazVEzNl5Vk,"The video features a person in a white top, holding and examining a red leather object with intricate patterns. The individual appears to be using a brush or tool on the item, possibly cleaning or polishing it. In front of them are several glass jars filled with various substances, likely for comparison purposes. The background is dark, focusing attention on the subject's actions. Text overlays appear throughout the clip, indicating that this is part of a segment from 'Valentina Allegria de Fontaine,' suggesting an educational or demonstrative context. Towards the end of the sequence, there is a transition to a black screen displaying promotional text for 'Marvel Studios Thunderbolts' with the tagline 'Now Playing.'",red leather object polishing tutorial,15
329,109,IazVEzNl5Vk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IazVEzNl5Vk,"The video features a person in a white top, holding and examining a red leather object with intricate patterns. The individual appears to be using a brush or tool on the item, possibly cleaning or polishing it. In front of them are several glass jars filled with various substances, likely for comparison purposes. The background is dark, focusing attention on the subject's actions. Text overlays appear throughout the clip, indicating that this is part of a segment from 'Valentina Allegria de Fontaine,' suggesting an educational or demonstrative context. Towards the end of the sequence, there is a transition to a black screen displaying promotional text for 'Marvel Studios Thunderbolts' with the tagline 'Now Playing.'",Marvel Studios Thunderbolts promo,15
330,110,QNwdqLgkN6w.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNwdqLgkN6w,"The video clip opens with a close-up of hands pointing to specific areas on an ornate table, suggesting the selection or casting of spells. The environment is dimly lit, creating a mysterious and magical atmosphere typical of fantasy settings. A character in a white robe with a crown appears contemplative as they look at their surroundings, possibly preparing for a spell-casting ritual. Another character dressed in dark blue armor stands nearby, indicating a possible adversary or ally. The setting seems to be inside a grand hall adorned with intricate designs and chandeliers that cast warm light across the scene. There's tension between characters, suggested by their body language and facial expressions. The overall color palette consists of muted tones punctuated by the golden hues from the lighting fixtures.",white-robed crown spell caster pointing on ornate table,36
331,110,QNwdqLgkN6w.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNwdqLgkN6w,"The video clip opens with a close-up of hands pointing to specific areas on an ornate table, suggesting the selection or casting of spells. The environment is dimly lit, creating a mysterious and magical atmosphere typical of fantasy settings. A character in a white robe with a crown appears contemplative as they look at their surroundings, possibly preparing for a spell-casting ritual. Another character dressed in dark blue armor stands nearby, indicating a possible adversary or ally. The setting seems to be inside a grand hall adorned with intricate designs and chandeliers that cast warm light across the scene. There's tension between characters, suggested by their body language and facial expressions. The overall color palette consists of muted tones punctuated by the golden hues from the lighting fixtures.",dark blue armor character in grand hall magic ritual,36
332,110,QNwdqLgkN6w.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNwdqLgkN6w,"The video clip opens with a close-up of hands pointing to specific areas on an ornate table, suggesting the selection or casting of spells. The environment is dimly lit, creating a mysterious and magical atmosphere typical of fantasy settings. A character in a white robe with a crown appears contemplative as they look at their surroundings, possibly preparing for a spell-casting ritual. Another character dressed in dark blue armor stands nearby, indicating a possible adversary or ally. The setting seems to be inside a grand hall adorned with intricate designs and chandeliers that cast warm light across the scene. There's tension between characters, suggested by their body language and facial expressions. The overall color palette consists of muted tones punctuated by the golden hues from the lighting fixtures.",tensionful spell casting in dimly lit hall,36
333,111,zPxwbapMI7k.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPxwbapMI7k,"The video features a man dressed in a light blue suit with a matching tie, standing outdoors during the day. He is positioned against a backdrop that includes a building and a sign reading 'THUNDERBOLTS' in bold yellow letters on black. The lighting suggests it's either morning or late afternoon due to the soft shadows cast by the subject. As he speaks, his hands are expressive; one hand gestures while the other hangs casually at his side. His attire appears formal yet relaxed, fitting for an event like a movie premiere given the context provided by the background signage. There are no significant changes in the environment or objects throughout these frames, maintaining focus solely on the speaker.",light blue suit man speaking outdoors,12
334,111,zPxwbapMI7k.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPxwbapMI7k,"The video features a man dressed in a light blue suit with a matching tie, standing outdoors during the day. He is positioned against a backdrop that includes a building and a sign reading 'THUNDERBOLTS' in bold yellow letters on black. The lighting suggests it's either morning or late afternoon due to the soft shadows cast by the subject. As he speaks, his hands are expressive; one hand gestures while the other hangs casually at his side. His attire appears formal yet relaxed, fitting for an event like a movie premiere given the context provided by the background signage. There are no significant changes in the environment or objects throughout these frames, maintaining focus solely on the speaker.",THUNDERBOLTS sign event speaker,12
335,111,zPxwbapMI7k.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPxwbapMI7k,"The video features a man dressed in a light blue suit with a matching tie, standing outdoors during the day. He is positioned against a backdrop that includes a building and a sign reading 'THUNDERBOLTS' in bold yellow letters on black. The lighting suggests it's either morning or late afternoon due to the soft shadows cast by the subject. As he speaks, his hands are expressive; one hand gestures while the other hangs casually at his side. His attire appears formal yet relaxed, fitting for an event like a movie premiere given the context provided by the background signage. There are no significant changes in the environment or objects throughout these frames, maintaining focus solely on the speaker.",man in blue suit movie premiere promo,12
336,112,VhmS_IWCbF8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhmS_IWCbF8,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in a sweater, transitioning to another individual in a brown coat. The scene shifts to an outdoor setting at night where two individuals are attending to someone lying on the ground; one is holding their head while the other appears distressed. A woman's voice speaks about needing help and asking for assistance. Another character responds affirmatively. The environment suggests a somber mood, possibly indicating a serious or tragic event has occurred.",night outdoor emergency scene with injured person,21
337,112,VhmS_IWCbF8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhmS_IWCbF8,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in a sweater, transitioning to another individual in a brown coat. The scene shifts to an outdoor setting at night where two individuals are attending to someone lying on the ground; one is holding their head while the other appears distressed. A woman's voice speaks about needing help and asking for assistance. Another character responds affirmatively. The environment suggests a somber mood, possibly indicating a serious or tragic event has occurred.",woman calling for help in dark setting,21
338,112,VhmS_IWCbF8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhmS_IWCbF8,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in a sweater, transitioning to another individual in a brown coat. The scene shifts to an outdoor setting at night where two individuals are attending to someone lying on the ground; one is holding their head while the other appears distressed. A woman's voice speaks about needing help and asking for assistance. Another character responds affirmatively. The environment suggests a somber mood, possibly indicating a serious or tragic event has occurred.",brown coat rescuer attending to lying victim,21
339,113,Tuvc0uL2dUs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tuvc0uL2dUs,"The video opens with a close-up of the text 'buddy barsnes' over an image of a person, transitioning to another individual in a dark shirt. The scene shifts outdoors during sunset or sunrise, showing two people conversing by a wooden structure. Next, it cuts to a nighttime setting where a character is seen from behind, illuminated by streetlights and police lights. A dramatic action sequence follows, featuring characters engaged in combat; one wielding a shield while others are in motion. The environment changes between urban settings and outdoor environments, showcasing different lighting conditions that enhance the intensity of the scenes. Colors range from warm tones at night to cooler hues during daylight. Objects like vehicles, weapons, and protective gear are visible throughout the clip.",Buddy Barsnes shield combat,31
340,113,Tuvc0uL2dUs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tuvc0uL2dUs,"The video opens with a close-up of the text 'buddy barsnes' over an image of a person, transitioning to another individual in a dark shirt. The scene shifts outdoors during sunset or sunrise, showing two people conversing by a wooden structure. Next, it cuts to a nighttime setting where a character is seen from behind, illuminated by streetlights and police lights. A dramatic action sequence follows, featuring characters engaged in combat; one wielding a shield while others are in motion. The environment changes between urban settings and outdoor environments, showcasing different lighting conditions that enhance the intensity of the scenes. Colors range from warm tones at night to cooler hues during daylight. Objects like vehicles, weapons, and protective gear are visible throughout the clip.",Buddy Barsnes nighttime police light action,31
341,113,Tuvc0uL2dUs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tuvc0uL2dUs,"The video opens with a close-up of the text 'buddy barsnes' over an image of a person, transitioning to another individual in a dark shirt. The scene shifts outdoors during sunset or sunrise, showing two people conversing by a wooden structure. Next, it cuts to a nighttime setting where a character is seen from behind, illuminated by streetlights and police lights. A dramatic action sequence follows, featuring characters engaged in combat; one wielding a shield while others are in motion. The environment changes between urban settings and outdoor environments, showcasing different lighting conditions that enhance the intensity of the scenes. Colors range from warm tones at night to cooler hues during daylight. Objects like vehicles, weapons, and protective gear are visible throughout the clip.",Buddy Barsnes sunset conversation near wooden structure,31
342,114,vvKp1oa--RY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvKp1oa--RY,"The video clip begins with a blue background featuring white lines forming an abstract shape resembling a tunnel or vortex. As the frames progress, silhouettes of people appear within this tunnel-like structure, moving towards the center and then away from it. The figures are stylized and simplistic in design, suggesting they could be characters or representations of individuals. In the final frame, text appears over the tunnel: 'ONLY IN THEATERS JULY 25', indicating that the content is exclusive to theaters on July 25th. The overall color scheme remains consistent throughout, using shades of blue for the background and contrasting white for the line art and text.",blue tunnel silhouette movie teaser,12
343,114,vvKp1oa--RY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvKp1oa--RY,"The video clip begins with a blue background featuring white lines forming an abstract shape resembling a tunnel or vortex. As the frames progress, silhouettes of people appear within this tunnel-like structure, moving towards the center and then away from it. The figures are stylized and simplistic in design, suggesting they could be characters or representations of individuals. In the final frame, text appears over the tunnel: 'ONLY IN THEATERS JULY 25', indicating that the content is exclusive to theaters on July 25th. The overall color scheme remains consistent throughout, using shades of blue for the background and contrasting white for the line art and text.",abstract blue vortex teaser,12
344,114,vvKp1oa--RY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvKp1oa--RY,"The video clip begins with a blue background featuring white lines forming an abstract shape resembling a tunnel or vortex. As the frames progress, silhouettes of people appear within this tunnel-like structure, moving towards the center and then away from it. The figures are stylized and simplistic in design, suggesting they could be characters or representations of individuals. In the final frame, text appears over the tunnel: 'ONLY IN THEATERS JULY 25', indicating that the content is exclusive to theaters on July 25th. The overall color scheme remains consistent throughout, using shades of blue for the background and contrasting white for the line art and text.",July 25 theater release,12
345,115,_Jo99Uc79ig.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Jo99Uc79ig,"The video features a series of animated sequences with characters from the Spider-Man universe. The first frame shows a character in red and blue suit, likely Spider-Man, crouching on a ledge with a yellow text box stating 'THE NAME'S SPIDER-MAN.' In the second frame, another character is seen holding a glowing orb against a dark background. The third frame displays a character in black attire with white eyes and horns, labeled as 'GOOGE ALIEN' in bold letters. The fourth frame presents a character in green and orange suit with web patterns, seemingly floating or flying through space. The final frame includes an image of a movie poster for 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man,' featuring various characters and logos indicating it's part of Disney+ content.",Spider-Man crouching on ledge,18
346,115,_Jo99Uc79ig.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Jo99Uc79ig,"The video features a series of animated sequences with characters from the Spider-Man universe. The first frame shows a character in red and blue suit, likely Spider-Man, crouching on a ledge with a yellow text box stating 'THE NAME'S SPIDER-MAN.' In the second frame, another character is seen holding a glowing orb against a dark background. The third frame displays a character in black attire with white eyes and horns, labeled as 'GOOGE ALIEN' in bold letters. The fourth frame presents a character in green and orange suit with web patterns, seemingly floating or flying through space. The final frame includes an image of a movie poster for 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man,' featuring various characters and logos indicating it's part of Disney+ content.",Spider-Man glowing orb in dark background,18
347,115,_Jo99Uc79ig.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Jo99Uc79ig,"The video features a series of animated sequences with characters from the Spider-Man universe. The first frame shows a character in red and blue suit, likely Spider-Man, crouching on a ledge with a yellow text box stating 'THE NAME'S SPIDER-MAN.' In the second frame, another character is seen holding a glowing orb against a dark background. The third frame displays a character in black attire with white eyes and horns, labeled as 'GOOGE ALIEN' in bold letters. The fourth frame presents a character in green and orange suit with web patterns, seemingly floating or flying through space. The final frame includes an image of a movie poster for 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man,' featuring various characters and logos indicating it's part of Disney+ content.",Googe Alien black white eyes horns,18
348,116,LI4VXatq1sA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LI4VXatq1sA,"The video opens with a black and white title card for 'EPISODE 2 WHATIE' against an abstract, neon-lit background. It transitions to a close-up of the word 'GLAMOUR,' followed by another title card reading 'ACATHA COES TO HOLLYWOOD.' The scene shifts to a character in elaborate attire descending steps, then cuts to a man in military uniform labeled 'COMMANDER KING.' A woman's face appears next, suggesting she is being directed by someone named Howard Stark. The narrative continues with a fiery explosion effect, transitioning into a cosmic setting where characters are seen floating amidst stars. The final frame shows the text 'MARVEL ANIMATION WHAT IF... SEASON 3 STREAMING DECEMBER 22 © 2024 MARVEL' on a dark backdrop with starry space imagery.",Marvel Animation What If Episode 2 trailer,36
349,116,LI4VXatq1sA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LI4VXatq1sA,"The video opens with a black and white title card for 'EPISODE 2 WHATIE' against an abstract, neon-lit background. It transitions to a close-up of the word 'GLAMOUR,' followed by another title card reading 'ACATHA COES TO HOLLYWOOD.' The scene shifts to a character in elaborate attire descending steps, then cuts to a man in military uniform labeled 'COMMANDER KING.' A woman's face appears next, suggesting she is being directed by someone named Howard Stark. The narrative continues with a fiery explosion effect, transitioning into a cosmic setting where characters are seen floating amidst stars. The final frame shows the text 'MARVEL ANIMATION WHAT IF... SEASON 3 STREAMING DECEMBER 22 © 2024 MARVEL' on a dark backdrop with starry space imagery.",Commander King in Marvel Animation What If,36
350,116,LI4VXatq1sA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LI4VXatq1sA,"The video opens with a black and white title card for 'EPISODE 2 WHATIE' against an abstract, neon-lit background. It transitions to a close-up of the word 'GLAMOUR,' followed by another title card reading 'ACATHA COES TO HOLLYWOOD.' The scene shifts to a character in elaborate attire descending steps, then cuts to a man in military uniform labeled 'COMMANDER KING.' A woman's face appears next, suggesting she is being directed by someone named Howard Stark. The narrative continues with a fiery explosion effect, transitioning into a cosmic setting where characters are seen floating amidst stars. The final frame shows the text 'MARVEL ANIMATION WHAT IF... SEASON 3 STREAMING DECEMBER 22 © 2024 MARVEL' on a dark backdrop with starry space imagery.",Acatha Coes to Hollywood scene Marvel Animation,36
351,117,ICLyRIEtg2o.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICLyRIEtg2o,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in a dark setting, transitioning to another individual standing confidently. The scene shifts to an indoor environment where multiple hands are gathered around a central flame, suggesting a ritualistic or magical activity. A character is shown from behind, wearing what appears to be a costume with red and black colors, indicating some form of performance or role-playing. Another shot shows the same character from a different angle, emphasizing their attire and posture. The final frame features a title card for 'AGATHA ALLONG,' which suggests that this might be related to a show or series titled 'AGATHA.'",Agatha Allong fire ritual scene,28
352,117,ICLyRIEtg2o.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICLyRIEtg2o,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in a dark setting, transitioning to another individual standing confidently. The scene shifts to an indoor environment where multiple hands are gathered around a central flame, suggesting a ritualistic or magical activity. A character is shown from behind, wearing what appears to be a costume with red and black colors, indicating some form of performance or role-playing. Another shot shows the same character from a different angle, emphasizing their attire and posture. The final frame features a title card for 'AGATHA ALLONG,' which suggests that this might be related to a show or series titled 'AGATHA.'",Red black costume performer Agatha series,28
353,117,ICLyRIEtg2o.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICLyRIEtg2o,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in a dark setting, transitioning to another individual standing confidently. The scene shifts to an indoor environment where multiple hands are gathered around a central flame, suggesting a ritualistic or magical activity. A character is shown from behind, wearing what appears to be a costume with red and black colors, indicating some form of performance or role-playing. Another shot shows the same character from a different angle, emphasizing their attire and posture. The final frame features a title card for 'AGATHA ALLONG,' which suggests that this might be related to a show or series titled 'AGATHA.'",Hands around flame ritual Agatha,28
354,118,5akitPTmQro.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5akitPTmQro,"The scene takes place outdoors during the day, with clear skies and natural light casting soft shadows on the ground. A woman stands in front of a red vintage car that has 'RED GUARDIAN' written on its side, indicating it may be part of a promotional event or film set. The vehicle is parked against a backdrop featuring a large sign with yellow text reading '*BOLTS*'. She wears an elegant black dress with thin straps and a V-neckline, complementing her poised demeanor as she looks off-camera to her right. Her hair is styled down, adding to the formal appearance. There are no other people visible in the frame, focusing attention solely on the woman's presence at this location.",woman black dress in front of Red Guardian car,8
355,118,5akitPTmQro.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5akitPTmQro,"The scene takes place outdoors during the day, with clear skies and natural light casting soft shadows on the ground. A woman stands in front of a red vintage car that has 'RED GUARDIAN' written on its side, indicating it may be part of a promotional event or film set. The vehicle is parked against a backdrop featuring a large sign with yellow text reading '*BOLTS*'. She wears an elegant black dress with thin straps and a V-neckline, complementing her poised demeanor as she looks off-camera to her right. Her hair is styled down, adding to the formal appearance. There are no other people visible in the frame, focusing attention solely on the woman's presence at this location.",Red Guardian vintage car promotional event,8
356,118,5akitPTmQro.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5akitPTmQro,"The scene takes place outdoors during the day, with clear skies and natural light casting soft shadows on the ground. A woman stands in front of a red vintage car that has 'RED GUARDIAN' written on its side, indicating it may be part of a promotional event or film set. The vehicle is parked against a backdrop featuring a large sign with yellow text reading '*BOLTS*'. She wears an elegant black dress with thin straps and a V-neckline, complementing her poised demeanor as she looks off-camera to her right. Her hair is styled down, adding to the formal appearance. There are no other people visible in the frame, focusing attention solely on the woman's presence at this location.",bolts sign with woman beside red car,8
357,119,nEMj5Bd86-4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nEMj5Bd86-4,"The video showcases a vibrant, bustling cityscape with tall buildings and billboards. The focus is on a large pyramid structure made of various comic book covers, predominantly featuring characters from the Marvel Universe. As the camera zooms in, it reveals more details of the pyramid's intricate design and the diverse range of comics displayed. People are seen walking by, some stopping to take photos or look at the pyramid. Suddenly, a white unicorn appears amidst the chaos, causing papers to scatter around. Amidst this commotion, a Deadpool card is thrown into the air, adding an element of surprise and excitement. The scene ends with a wide shot of the area, showing the aftermath of the incident with scattered comic books on the ground and people moving about.",Marvel comic pyramid in bustling city,29
358,119,nEMj5Bd86-4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nEMj5Bd86-4,"The video showcases a vibrant, bustling cityscape with tall buildings and billboards. The focus is on a large pyramid structure made of various comic book covers, predominantly featuring characters from the Marvel Universe. As the camera zooms in, it reveals more details of the pyramid's intricate design and the diverse range of comics displayed. People are seen walking by, some stopping to take photos or look at the pyramid. Suddenly, a white unicorn appears amidst the chaos, causing papers to scatter around. Amidst this commotion, a Deadpool card is thrown into the air, adding an element of surprise and excitement. The scene ends with a wide shot of the area, showing the aftermath of the incident with scattered comic books on the ground and people moving about.",white unicorn appearing in comic book pile,29
359,119,nEMj5Bd86-4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nEMj5Bd86-4,"The video showcases a vibrant, bustling cityscape with tall buildings and billboards. The focus is on a large pyramid structure made of various comic book covers, predominantly featuring characters from the Marvel Universe. As the camera zooms in, it reveals more details of the pyramid's intricate design and the diverse range of comics displayed. People are seen walking by, some stopping to take photos or look at the pyramid. Suddenly, a white unicorn appears amidst the chaos, causing papers to scatter around. Amidst this commotion, a Deadpool card is thrown into the air, adding an element of surprise and excitement. The scene ends with a wide shot of the area, showing the aftermath of the incident with scattered comic books on the ground and people moving about.",Deadpool card thrown over comic pyramid,29
360,120,OS_poe-l98M.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OS_poe-l98M,"The video opens with a medium shot of four characters in blue and white uniforms standing on a platform, illuminated by spotlights. The scene transitions to an audience clapping, followed by the title 'NEW TRAILER' displayed against a dark background. Next, we see two characters embracing in a warmly lit kitchen; one is wearing a floral dress while the other sports a tank top. A character dressed as a superhero stands confidently before a crowd at night. Another frame shows a character in a suit walking towards a vintage car parked outside a building. Finally, there's a close-up of another character in a cap and jacket looking determined. Throughout these scenes, the environment shifts from indoor settings like kitchens and theaters to outdoor urban environments during different times of day.",blue‑white uniform group on platform,16
361,120,OS_poe-l98M.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OS_poe-l98M,"The video opens with a medium shot of four characters in blue and white uniforms standing on a platform, illuminated by spotlights. The scene transitions to an audience clapping, followed by the title 'NEW TRAILER' displayed against a dark background. Next, we see two characters embracing in a warmly lit kitchen; one is wearing a floral dress while the other sports a tank top. A character dressed as a superhero stands confidently before a crowd at night. Another frame shows a character in a suit walking towards a vintage car parked outside a building. Finally, there's a close-up of another character in a cap and jacket looking determined. Throughout these scenes, the environment shifts from indoor settings like kitchens and theaters to outdoor urban environments during different times of day.",kitchen embrace floral dress and tank top,16
362,120,OS_poe-l98M.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OS_poe-l98M,"The video opens with a medium shot of four characters in blue and white uniforms standing on a platform, illuminated by spotlights. The scene transitions to an audience clapping, followed by the title 'NEW TRAILER' displayed against a dark background. Next, we see two characters embracing in a warmly lit kitchen; one is wearing a floral dress while the other sports a tank top. A character dressed as a superhero stands confidently before a crowd at night. Another frame shows a character in a suit walking towards a vintage car parked outside a building. Finally, there's a close-up of another character in a cap and jacket looking determined. Throughout these scenes, the environment shifts from indoor settings like kitchens and theaters to outdoor urban environments during different times of day.",superhero standing before crowd at night,16
363,121,0Ra-SCvk0Oo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Ra-SCvk0Oo,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a suit, transitioning to an action-packed scene where characters are engaged in combat. The environment shifts from indoor settings like rooms and hallways to outdoor urban environments filled with chaos and destruction. There's a sense of urgency as the camera follows the movement of characters through various locations. Lighting varies from dimly lit interiors to brightly lit cityscapes at night. Objects such as weapons, suits, and vehicles appear throughout the scenes. Colors range from muted tones indoors to vibrant colors outdoors. Characters display different emotions; some look determined while others seem distressed or defeated. The overall tone is intense and chaotic, suggesting a high-stakes situation involving conflict and danger.",character suit fighting in city,31
364,121,0Ra-SCvk0Oo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Ra-SCvk0Oo,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a suit, transitioning to an action-packed scene where characters are engaged in combat. The environment shifts from indoor settings like rooms and hallways to outdoor urban environments filled with chaos and destruction. There's a sense of urgency as the camera follows the movement of characters through various locations. Lighting varies from dimly lit interiors to brightly lit cityscapes at night. Objects such as weapons, suits, and vehicles appear throughout the scenes. Colors range from muted tones indoors to vibrant colors outdoors. Characters display different emotions; some look determined while others seem distressed or defeated. The overall tone is intense and chaotic, suggesting a high-stakes situation involving conflict and danger.",indoor hallway combat with weapons,31
365,121,0Ra-SCvk0Oo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Ra-SCvk0Oo,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a suit, transitioning to an action-packed scene where characters are engaged in combat. The environment shifts from indoor settings like rooms and hallways to outdoor urban environments filled with chaos and destruction. There's a sense of urgency as the camera follows the movement of characters through various locations. Lighting varies from dimly lit interiors to brightly lit cityscapes at night. Objects such as weapons, suits, and vehicles appear throughout the scenes. Colors range from muted tones indoors to vibrant colors outdoors. Characters display different emotions; some look determined while others seem distressed or defeated. The overall tone is intense and chaotic, suggesting a high-stakes situation involving conflict and danger.",vehicles amid urban destruction,31
366,122,s9Q_Polt1Fs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9Q_Polt1Fs,"The subject is standing in front of a vibrant backdrop with the text 'June 24' and 'Disney+' visible, suggesting an event related to Disney. They are wearing a black dress adorned with ruffles and sequins that create a layered effect down the skirt. The dress has thin straps and appears to be form-fitting at the top before flaring out into layers towards the bottom. In their hands, they hold what seems like small objects or perhaps props for a performance. Their body language suggests confidence and engagement with the audience or camera. The lighting is bright, highlighting the details on the dress and creating reflections on its surface. There's no significant change in expression or posture throughout these frames; it maintains focus on the attire and setting.",Disney+ June 24 event black ruffled dress,6
367,122,s9Q_Polt1Fs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9Q_Polt1Fs,"The subject is standing in front of a vibrant backdrop with the text 'June 24' and 'Disney+' visible, suggesting an event related to Disney. They are wearing a black dress adorned with ruffles and sequins that create a layered effect down the skirt. The dress has thin straps and appears to be form-fitting at the top before flaring out into layers towards the bottom. In their hands, they hold what seems like small objects or perhaps props for a performance. Their body language suggests confidence and engagement with the audience or camera. The lighting is bright, highlighting the details on the dress and creating reflections on its surface. There's no significant change in expression or posture throughout these frames; it maintains focus on the attire and setting.",vibrant backdrop Disney+ June 24 performance,6
368,122,s9Q_Polt1Fs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9Q_Polt1Fs,"The subject is standing in front of a vibrant backdrop with the text 'June 24' and 'Disney+' visible, suggesting an event related to Disney. They are wearing a black dress adorned with ruffles and sequins that create a layered effect down the skirt. The dress has thin straps and appears to be form-fitting at the top before flaring out into layers towards the bottom. In their hands, they hold what seems like small objects or perhaps props for a performance. Their body language suggests confidence and engagement with the audience or camera. The lighting is bright, highlighting the details on the dress and creating reflections on its surface. There's no significant change in expression or posture throughout these frames; it maintains focus on the attire and setting.",black sequined dress with thin straps Disney+ promo,6
369,123,QvOSVkl9qWw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvOSVkl9qWw,"The scene takes place in a dimly lit room, possibly an interrogation or interview setting. A person is seated at a table with their hands clasped together on the surface, wearing a dark jacket and light-colored shirt underneath. The environment suggests tension as they are being questioned about something significant related to a 'decorated detective.' Another individual stands behind them holding what appears to be a folder or notebook, indicating authority or concern over the situation. The lighting casts shadows around the characters, adding to the dramatic atmosphere of the scene. There's also text overlay that seems to be part of a dialogue exchange between the two individuals.",interrogation scene with decorated detective,26
370,123,QvOSVkl9qWw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvOSVkl9qWw,"The scene takes place in a dimly lit room, possibly an interrogation or interview setting. A person is seated at a table with their hands clasped together on the surface, wearing a dark jacket and light-colored shirt underneath. The environment suggests tension as they are being questioned about something significant related to a 'decorated detective.' Another individual stands behind them holding what appears to be a folder or notebook, indicating authority or concern over the situation. The lighting casts shadows around the characters, adding to the dramatic atmosphere of the scene. There's also text overlay that seems to be part of a dialogue exchange between the two individuals.",person in dark jacket being questioned in dimly lit room,26
371,123,QvOSVkl9qWw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvOSVkl9qWw,"The scene takes place in a dimly lit room, possibly an interrogation or interview setting. A person is seated at a table with their hands clasped together on the surface, wearing a dark jacket and light-colored shirt underneath. The environment suggests tension as they are being questioned about something significant related to a 'decorated detective.' Another individual stands behind them holding what appears to be a folder or notebook, indicating authority or concern over the situation. The lighting casts shadows around the characters, adding to the dramatic atmosphere of the scene. There's also text overlay that seems to be part of a dialogue exchange between the two individuals.",interviewer holding folder during interrogation,26
372,124,YcKph8cjcOk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcKph8cjcOk,"The video opens with a close-up of a character's torso, revealing a torn and tattered light blue shirt. The scene shifts to an extreme long shot from behind the same character, emphasizing their back as they walk away into darkness. A medium shot follows, showing bare feet on what appears to be concrete ground, suggesting movement or escape. Cut to another medium shot where multiple characters are seen in silhouette against a dark background, possibly indicating a group or team. Next is a wide shot of a chaotic environment filled with explosions and chaos, hinting at conflict or destruction. Finally, there's a quick cut to a person driving through a desert landscape under bright sunlight, followed by a vehicle flipping over due to high-speed action.",character in torn light‑blue shirt walking into darkness,28
373,124,YcKph8cjcOk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcKph8cjcOk,"The video opens with a close-up of a character's torso, revealing a torn and tattered light blue shirt. The scene shifts to an extreme long shot from behind the same character, emphasizing their back as they walk away into darkness. A medium shot follows, showing bare feet on what appears to be concrete ground, suggesting movement or escape. Cut to another medium shot where multiple characters are seen in silhouette against a dark background, possibly indicating a group or team. Next is a wide shot of a chaotic environment filled with explosions and chaos, hinting at conflict or destruction. Finally, there's a quick cut to a person driving through a desert landscape under bright sunlight, followed by a vehicle flipping over due to high-speed action.",silhouetted group against dark background,28
374,124,YcKph8cjcOk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcKph8cjcOk,"The video opens with a close-up of a character's torso, revealing a torn and tattered light blue shirt. The scene shifts to an extreme long shot from behind the same character, emphasizing their back as they walk away into darkness. A medium shot follows, showing bare feet on what appears to be concrete ground, suggesting movement or escape. Cut to another medium shot where multiple characters are seen in silhouette against a dark background, possibly indicating a group or team. Next is a wide shot of a chaotic environment filled with explosions and chaos, hinting at conflict or destruction. Finally, there's a quick cut to a person driving through a desert landscape under bright sunlight, followed by a vehicle flipping over due to high-speed action.",vehicle flipping in high‑speed desert chase,28
375,125,1dlkgthk0vw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dlkgthk0vw,"The video features a man in a suit and tie, presumably the father of the protagonist, discussing his daughter's whereabouts. He is seated at a desk with papers and a bowl of snacks beside him. The scene transitions to another character in a blue suit who appears concerned about their daughter's safety. The conversation revolves around the idea that someone named Jersy City has taken her away from California. The dialogue suggests a sense of urgency and concern for the girl's well-being.",father discussing daughter's whereabouts,39
376,125,1dlkgthk0vw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dlkgthk0vw,"The video features a man in a suit and tie, presumably the father of the protagonist, discussing his daughter's whereabouts. He is seated at a desk with papers and a bowl of snacks beside him. The scene transitions to another character in a blue suit who appears concerned about their daughter's safety. The conversation revolves around the idea that someone named Jersy City has taken her away from California. The dialogue suggests a sense of urgency and concern for the girl's well-being.",blue suit man concerned about safety,39
377,125,1dlkgthk0vw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dlkgthk0vw,"The video features a man in a suit and tie, presumably the father of the protagonist, discussing his daughter's whereabouts. He is seated at a desk with papers and a bowl of snacks beside him. The scene transitions to another character in a blue suit who appears concerned about their daughter's safety. The conversation revolves around the idea that someone named Jersy City has taken her away from California. The dialogue suggests a sense of urgency and concern for the girl's well-being.",Jersy City kidnapping California girl,39
378,126,Vz8wOnIz4vw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vz8wOnIz4vw,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual wearing a black hat and a white, tattered garment. The background is dark, creating a mysterious atmosphere. A red light source appears in the distance, suggesting danger or urgency. As the scene progresses, the camera pans to reveal more details: another person dressed similarly but without a hat, indicating they might be part of the same group or situation. They are seen running through what seems like a dimly lit tunnel or underground area, illuminated by artificial lights that cast shadows around them. The environment suggests tension and possibly a chase or escape scenario. The individuals appear to be engaged in combat or confrontation as they move quickly and dynamically within this confined space.",black hat tunnel chase,36
379,126,Vz8wOnIz4vw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vz8wOnIz4vw,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual wearing a black hat and a white, tattered garment. The background is dark, creating a mysterious atmosphere. A red light source appears in the distance, suggesting danger or urgency. As the scene progresses, the camera pans to reveal more details: another person dressed similarly but without a hat, indicating they might be part of the same group or situation. They are seen running through what seems like a dimly lit tunnel or underground area, illuminated by artificial lights that cast shadows around them. The environment suggests tension and possibly a chase or escape scenario. The individuals appear to be engaged in combat or confrontation as they move quickly and dynamically within this confined space.",tattered white garment underground run,36
380,126,Vz8wOnIz4vw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vz8wOnIz4vw,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual wearing a black hat and a white, tattered garment. The background is dark, creating a mysterious atmosphere. A red light source appears in the distance, suggesting danger or urgency. As the scene progresses, the camera pans to reveal more details: another person dressed similarly but without a hat, indicating they might be part of the same group or situation. They are seen running through what seems like a dimly lit tunnel or underground area, illuminated by artificial lights that cast shadows around them. The environment suggests tension and possibly a chase or escape scenario. The individuals appear to be engaged in combat or confrontation as they move quickly and dynamically within this confined space.",red light pursuit in dim tunnel,36
381,127,69tG-fAIdNA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69tG-fAIdNA,"The video opens with a close-up of two individuals, one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt, both looking at something off-screen. The scene transitions to an outdoor setting where people are gathered around a large structure resembling Eiffel Tower replicas, suggesting a celebration or event. A person is seen holding a child dressed in light blue clothing. Another frame shows a group of people clapping their hands together, indicating a moment of collective joy or applause. There's also a shot of a car speeding through what appears to be a cityscape at night. The final frames depict two characters embracing each other warmly inside a room with warm lighting, followed by another character standing alone against a dark background.",Eiffel Tower replica celebration,21
382,127,69tG-fAIdNA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69tG-fAIdNA,"The video opens with a close-up of two individuals, one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt, both looking at something off-screen. The scene transitions to an outdoor setting where people are gathered around a large structure resembling Eiffel Tower replicas, suggesting a celebration or event. A person is seen holding a child dressed in light blue clothing. Another frame shows a group of people clapping their hands together, indicating a moment of collective joy or applause. There's also a shot of a car speeding through what appears to be a cityscape at night. The final frames depict two characters embracing each other warmly inside a room with warm lighting, followed by another character standing alone against a dark background.",night city car chase,21
383,127,69tG-fAIdNA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69tG-fAIdNA,"The video opens with a close-up of two individuals, one in a blue shirt and the other in a white shirt, both looking at something off-screen. The scene transitions to an outdoor setting where people are gathered around a large structure resembling Eiffel Tower replicas, suggesting a celebration or event. A person is seen holding a child dressed in light blue clothing. Another frame shows a group of people clapping their hands together, indicating a moment of collective joy or applause. There's also a shot of a car speeding through what appears to be a cityscape at night. The final frames depict two characters embracing each other warmly inside a room with warm lighting, followed by another character standing alone against a dark background.",warm embrace indoors,21
384,128,NUpu4WmqyP0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUpu4WmqyP0,"The video opens with a close-up of an animated character's face, transitioning to another character in a suit. The scene shifts to a dynamic action sequence featuring characters in futuristic attire against a cosmic backdrop. A title card appears stating 'A NEW EPISODE' followed by 'EVERY DAY'. Another frame shows the same text but with additional days added: 'FOR 8 DAYS'. The final shot is a promotional image for 'What If? Season 3 Streaming Tomorrow', indicating it will be available on Disney+. The environment throughout these frames is vibrant and colorful, filled with light effects that suggest high energy or excitement. The overall tone seems to be one of anticipation and excitement about upcoming content from Disney+ and Marvel Animation.",What If? Season 3 Disney+ episode trailer,16
385,128,NUpu4WmqyP0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUpu4WmqyP0,"The video opens with a close-up of an animated character's face, transitioning to another character in a suit. The scene shifts to a dynamic action sequence featuring characters in futuristic attire against a cosmic backdrop. A title card appears stating 'A NEW EPISODE' followed by 'EVERY DAY'. Another frame shows the same text but with additional days added: 'FOR 8 DAYS'. The final shot is a promotional image for 'What If? Season 3 Streaming Tomorrow', indicating it will be available on Disney+. The environment throughout these frames is vibrant and colorful, filled with light effects that suggest high energy or excitement. The overall tone seems to be one of anticipation and excitement about upcoming content from Disney+ and Marvel Animation.",What If? Season 3 cosmic animation action scene,16
386,128,NUpu4WmqyP0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUpu4WmqyP0,"The video opens with a close-up of an animated character's face, transitioning to another character in a suit. The scene shifts to a dynamic action sequence featuring characters in futuristic attire against a cosmic backdrop. A title card appears stating 'A NEW EPISODE' followed by 'EVERY DAY'. Another frame shows the same text but with additional days added: 'FOR 8 DAYS'. The final shot is a promotional image for 'What If? Season 3 Streaming Tomorrow', indicating it will be available on Disney+. The environment throughout these frames is vibrant and colorful, filled with light effects that suggest high energy or excitement. The overall tone seems to be one of anticipation and excitement about upcoming content from Disney+ and Marvel Animation.",What If? Season 3 8-day promotion,16
387,129,zqfhuz637s4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqfhuz637s4,"The video opens with a night scene of a city skyline, transitioning to an indoor setting where characters are engaged in conversation. The environment shifts between dimly lit rooms and brightly lit outdoor settings. Characters express their desire for control over the situation at hand, suggesting they have been manipulated by someone else. A character is shown holding a camera, indicating surveillance or recording. Another frame shows a person standing outside during dusk, implying secrecy or stealth. There's also a shot of a character wearing headphones, hinting at listening or communication. The final frames depict a character in a red outfit performing actions that suggest magic or special abilities, followed by another character in a black and red costume gesturing dramatically.",night city skyline camera surveillance,31
388,129,zqfhuz637s4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqfhuz637s4,"The video opens with a night scene of a city skyline, transitioning to an indoor setting where characters are engaged in conversation. The environment shifts between dimly lit rooms and brightly lit outdoor settings. Characters express their desire for control over the situation at hand, suggesting they have been manipulated by someone else. A character is shown holding a camera, indicating surveillance or recording. Another frame shows a person standing outside during dusk, implying secrecy or stealth. There's also a shot of a character wearing headphones, hinting at listening or communication. The final frames depict a character in a red outfit performing actions that suggest magic or special abilities, followed by another character in a black and red costume gesturing dramatically.",red outfit magical performance,31
389,129,zqfhuz637s4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqfhuz637s4,"The video opens with a night scene of a city skyline, transitioning to an indoor setting where characters are engaged in conversation. The environment shifts between dimly lit rooms and brightly lit outdoor settings. Characters express their desire for control over the situation at hand, suggesting they have been manipulated by someone else. A character is shown holding a camera, indicating surveillance or recording. Another frame shows a person standing outside during dusk, implying secrecy or stealth. There's also a shot of a character wearing headphones, hinting at listening or communication. The final frames depict a character in a red outfit performing actions that suggest magic or special abilities, followed by another character in a black and red costume gesturing dramatically.",black and red costume dramatic gesture,31
390,130,0yB8re9mxGU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yB8re9mxGU,"The video opens with a medium shot of a person in a white t-shirt sitting at a table, suggesting an indoor setting. The scene transitions to another individual in a red sweater and plaid skirt standing up from the same table, indicating a shift in focus or action. A close-up follows of a character wearing a blue and white costume resembling a superhero's suit, hinting at a narrative involving superheroes. Another medium shot shows someone in a white shirt interacting with a robot that has a large head and eyes, which could imply advanced technology or artificial intelligence. The final frame returns to the initial person in the white t-shirt, now joined by two other individuals who appear to be engaged in conversation or interaction.",white t-shirt person interacting with robot,25
391,130,0yB8re9mxGU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yB8re9mxGU,"The video opens with a medium shot of a person in a white t-shirt sitting at a table, suggesting an indoor setting. The scene transitions to another individual in a red sweater and plaid skirt standing up from the same table, indicating a shift in focus or action. A close-up follows of a character wearing a blue and white costume resembling a superhero's suit, hinting at a narrative involving superheroes. Another medium shot shows someone in a white shirt interacting with a robot that has a large head and eyes, which could imply advanced technology or artificial intelligence. The final frame returns to the initial person in the white t-shirt, now joined by two other individuals who appear to be engaged in conversation or interaction.",blue and white superhero costume close‑up,25
392,130,0yB8re9mxGU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yB8re9mxGU,"The video opens with a medium shot of a person in a white t-shirt sitting at a table, suggesting an indoor setting. The scene transitions to another individual in a red sweater and plaid skirt standing up from the same table, indicating a shift in focus or action. A close-up follows of a character wearing a blue and white costume resembling a superhero's suit, hinting at a narrative involving superheroes. Another medium shot shows someone in a white shirt interacting with a robot that has a large head and eyes, which could imply advanced technology or artificial intelligence. The final frame returns to the initial person in the white t-shirt, now joined by two other individuals who appear to be engaged in conversation or interaction.",red sweater and plaid skirt person standing up,25
393,131,9ccINDE_lbc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ccINDE_lbc,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a dark hoodie, followed by another shot from behind showing the same person. The scene transitions to a medium shot inside what appears to be a workshop or garage filled with various tools and equipment. A red laser tool is then shown cutting through metal, indicating some form of mechanical work or repair process. Next, there's a close-up of a character wearing a plaid shirt against a blurred background suggesting an indoor setting. Finally, we see a title card for 'Ironheart' with its release date mentioned as June 24th. Throughout these frames, the lighting varies from dimly lit workshops to well-lit indoor environments, emphasizing different settings related to the narrative.",ironheart hoodie workshop,16
394,131,9ccINDE_lbc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ccINDE_lbc,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a dark hoodie, followed by another shot from behind showing the same person. The scene transitions to a medium shot inside what appears to be a workshop or garage filled with various tools and equipment. A red laser tool is then shown cutting through metal, indicating some form of mechanical work or repair process. Next, there's a close-up of a character wearing a plaid shirt against a blurred background suggesting an indoor setting. Finally, we see a title card for 'Ironheart' with its release date mentioned as June 24th. Throughout these frames, the lighting varies from dimly lit workshops to well-lit indoor environments, emphasizing different settings related to the narrative.",ironheart red laser cutting,16
395,131,9ccINDE_lbc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ccINDE_lbc,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a dark hoodie, followed by another shot from behind showing the same person. The scene transitions to a medium shot inside what appears to be a workshop or garage filled with various tools and equipment. A red laser tool is then shown cutting through metal, indicating some form of mechanical work or repair process. Next, there's a close-up of a character wearing a plaid shirt against a blurred background suggesting an indoor setting. Finally, we see a title card for 'Ironheart' with its release date mentioned as June 24th. Throughout these frames, the lighting varies from dimly lit workshops to well-lit indoor environments, emphasizing different settings related to the narrative.",ironheart plaid shirt close-up,16
396,132,QcUT7O0TyXA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcUT7O0TyXA,"The video opens with a close-up of a man's face, transitioning to an overhead shot of people in a room. The scene shifts to a person pouring wine into glasses and then to another individual holding a camera. A group is seen walking outside at night; one person holds a phone while others carry bags. Next, there are shots of various objects including helmets on display and a cityscape at night. Following this, the video shows a character running through a dark environment, followed by intense action scenes involving sword fighting and combat. The final frame displays 'ON MARCH 4' against a red background before concluding with the Disney+ logo.",man pouring wine into glasses,31
397,132,QcUT7O0TyXA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcUT7O0TyXA,"The video opens with a close-up of a man's face, transitioning to an overhead shot of people in a room. The scene shifts to a person pouring wine into glasses and then to another individual holding a camera. A group is seen walking outside at night; one person holds a phone while others carry bags. Next, there are shots of various objects including helmets on display and a cityscape at night. Following this, the video shows a character running through a dark environment, followed by intense action scenes involving sword fighting and combat. The final frame displays 'ON MARCH 4' against a red background before concluding with the Disney+ logo.",night walk group with phone and bags,31
398,132,QcUT7O0TyXA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcUT7O0TyXA,"The video opens with a close-up of a man's face, transitioning to an overhead shot of people in a room. The scene shifts to a person pouring wine into glasses and then to another individual holding a camera. A group is seen walking outside at night; one person holds a phone while others carry bags. Next, there are shots of various objects including helmets on display and a cityscape at night. Following this, the video shows a character running through a dark environment, followed by intense action scenes involving sword fighting and combat. The final frame displays 'ON MARCH 4' against a red background before concluding with the Disney+ logo.",sword fighting combat in dark environment,31
399,133,x3_4a-dPH_c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3_4a-dPH_c,"The video opens with a close-up of Christmas lights, transitioning to an indoor setting where a person is seen in the midst of decorating. The environment suggests a festive atmosphere, likely during the holiday season. The individual appears focused on their task, surrounded by colorful lights that create a warm and inviting ambiance. As they work, another character enters from behind, surprising them momentarily before continuing their decoration. The room's lighting casts soft shadows around the characters, enhancing the intimate feel of the scene. The overall mood is one of quiet concentration amidst the joyous surroundings of Christmas decorations.",Christmas lights decorating scene,29
400,133,x3_4a-dPH_c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3_4a-dPH_c,"The video opens with a close-up of Christmas lights, transitioning to an indoor setting where a person is seen in the midst of decorating. The environment suggests a festive atmosphere, likely during the holiday season. The individual appears focused on their task, surrounded by colorful lights that create a warm and inviting ambiance. As they work, another character enters from behind, surprising them momentarily before continuing their decoration. The room's lighting casts soft shadows around the characters, enhancing the intimate feel of the scene. The overall mood is one of quiet concentration amidst the joyous surroundings of Christmas decorations.",person decorating indoors with Christmas lights,29
401,133,x3_4a-dPH_c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3_4a-dPH_c,"The video opens with a close-up of Christmas lights, transitioning to an indoor setting where a person is seen in the midst of decorating. The environment suggests a festive atmosphere, likely during the holiday season. The individual appears focused on their task, surrounded by colorful lights that create a warm and inviting ambiance. As they work, another character enters from behind, surprising them momentarily before continuing their decoration. The room's lighting casts soft shadows around the characters, enhancing the intimate feel of the scene. The overall mood is one of quiet concentration amidst the joyous surroundings of Christmas decorations.",surprise entrance during Christmas decoration,29
402,134,jt21Ha7LeUI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jt21Ha7LeUI,"The video opens with a wide shot of a serene lakeside setting, where the calm water reflects the surrounding greenery and rocky mountains. The scene transitions to an interior space that appears dimly lit, suggesting it might be evening or night time. A person is seen sitting on a wooden bench by the lake, holding what seems like a book or journal. As they stand up from the bench, we see more details of their attire—a light-colored sweater and pants—indicating casual wear suitable for outdoor activities. The environment suggests a peaceful retreat away from urban life. In the final frame, there's a close-up of another individual wearing a dark outfit with intricate designs, possibly indicating some form of cultural or traditional attire.",lakeside bench reading scene,15
403,134,jt21Ha7LeUI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jt21Ha7LeUI,"The video opens with a wide shot of a serene lakeside setting, where the calm water reflects the surrounding greenery and rocky mountains. The scene transitions to an interior space that appears dimly lit, suggesting it might be evening or night time. A person is seen sitting on a wooden bench by the lake, holding what seems like a book or journal. As they stand up from the bench, we see more details of their attire—a light-colored sweater and pants—indicating casual wear suitable for outdoor activities. The environment suggests a peaceful retreat away from urban life. In the final frame, there's a close-up of another individual wearing a dark outfit with intricate designs, possibly indicating some form of cultural or traditional attire.",person standing up in light sweater by lake,15
404,134,jt21Ha7LeUI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jt21Ha7LeUI,"The video opens with a wide shot of a serene lakeside setting, where the calm water reflects the surrounding greenery and rocky mountains. The scene transitions to an interior space that appears dimly lit, suggesting it might be evening or night time. A person is seen sitting on a wooden bench by the lake, holding what seems like a book or journal. As they stand up from the bench, we see more details of their attire—a light-colored sweater and pants—indicating casual wear suitable for outdoor activities. The environment suggests a peaceful retreat away from urban life. In the final frame, there's a close-up of another individual wearing a dark outfit with intricate designs, possibly indicating some form of cultural or traditional attire.",dark outfit cultural attire close up,15
405,135,eMb7H_lDW3E.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMb7H_lDW3E,"The video features a character in a blue and brown armored suit with intricate designs, seated at a table. The environment suggests an indoor setting with warm lighting, possibly a living room or dining area. Various objects like cups, glasses, and a can are visible on the table. The character appears to be engaged in conversation, using hand gestures for emphasis. Text overlays appear intermittently throughout the clip, providing context to the dialogue. These texts include phrases such as 'I am,' 'It's not here,' 'Our,' 'They'll think he's already,' 'right next to each other,' 'Get your boots off,' 'it doesn't belong to me,' 'is a dumbass,' 'Why is you critical,' 'it was a,' 'dying,' 'Can I save our,' 'TRY TO SAVE OUR.' The overall tone seems serious yet humorous, indicated by the playful text and the character's animated expressions.",blue and brown armored suit talking at table,56
406,135,eMb7H_lDW3E.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMb7H_lDW3E,"The video features a character in a blue and brown armored suit with intricate designs, seated at a table. The environment suggests an indoor setting with warm lighting, possibly a living room or dining area. Various objects like cups, glasses, and a can are visible on the table. The character appears to be engaged in conversation, using hand gestures for emphasis. Text overlays appear intermittently throughout the clip, providing context to the dialogue. These texts include phrases such as 'I am,' 'It's not here,' 'Our,' 'They'll think he's already,' 'right next to each other,' 'Get your boots off,' 'it doesn't belong to me,' 'is a dumbass,' 'Why is you critical,' 'it was a,' 'dying,' 'Can I save our,' 'TRY TO SAVE OUR.' The overall tone seems serious yet humorous, indicated by the playful text and the character's animated expressions.",armored character conversation with cups and glasses,56
407,135,eMb7H_lDW3E.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMb7H_lDW3E,"The video features a character in a blue and brown armored suit with intricate designs, seated at a table. The environment suggests an indoor setting with warm lighting, possibly a living room or dining area. Various objects like cups, glasses, and a can are visible on the table. The character appears to be engaged in conversation, using hand gestures for emphasis. Text overlays appear intermittently throughout the clip, providing context to the dialogue. These texts include phrases such as 'I am,' 'It's not here,' 'Our,' 'They'll think he's already,' 'right next to each other,' 'Get your boots off,' 'it doesn't belong to me,' 'is a dumbass,' 'Why is you critical,' 'it was a,' 'dying,' 'Can I save our,' 'TRY TO SAVE OUR.' The overall tone seems serious yet humorous, indicated by the playful text and the character's animated expressions.",humorous text overlay dialogue in armored suit video,56
408,136,vwE5RW_91mI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwE5RW_91mI,"The video opens with a close-up of a man in a suit, transitioning to an exterior shot of a city at night. The scene shifts to the interior of a building where individuals are gathered around tables and chairs, suggesting a formal setting like a courtroom or meeting room. A character is seen holding a cane, followed by another individual dressed as Spider-Man swinging through the city streets. The narrative continues with a woman looking concerned, then transitions back to the man in the suit who appears distressed. There's also footage of police officers engaged in a shootout amidst chaos. The final frames show a person in a mask standing confidently against a backdrop of smoke and fire, indicating danger or conflict.",man in suit courtroom scene,35
409,136,vwE5RW_91mI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwE5RW_91mI,"The video opens with a close-up of a man in a suit, transitioning to an exterior shot of a city at night. The scene shifts to the interior of a building where individuals are gathered around tables and chairs, suggesting a formal setting like a courtroom or meeting room. A character is seen holding a cane, followed by another individual dressed as Spider-Man swinging through the city streets. The narrative continues with a woman looking concerned, then transitions back to the man in the suit who appears distressed. There's also footage of police officers engaged in a shootout amidst chaos. The final frames show a person in a mask standing confidently against a backdrop of smoke and fire, indicating danger or conflict.",Spider-Man swinging city streets,35
410,136,vwE5RW_91mI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwE5RW_91mI,"The video opens with a close-up of a man in a suit, transitioning to an exterior shot of a city at night. The scene shifts to the interior of a building where individuals are gathered around tables and chairs, suggesting a formal setting like a courtroom or meeting room. A character is seen holding a cane, followed by another individual dressed as Spider-Man swinging through the city streets. The narrative continues with a woman looking concerned, then transitions back to the man in the suit who appears distressed. There's also footage of police officers engaged in a shootout amidst chaos. The final frames show a person in a mask standing confidently against a backdrop of smoke and fire, indicating danger or conflict.",masked figure standing in smoke and fire,35
411,137,zpz_AvFgc_0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpz_AvFgc_0,"The video opens with a wide shot of two fighter jets flying in formation over the ocean, followed by an interior view of a control room where pilots are monitoring screens. The scene shifts to a close-up of a hand pressing buttons on a console amidst red-lit panels and equipment. Next, we see multiple missiles being launched from a ship's deck against a backdrop of clouds and water. A dramatic explosion occurs as one of these missiles hits its target, causing significant damage. Subsequently, there is a rapid sequence showing various angles of the missile hitting different targets, including a helicopter and another aircraft. The final frames depict a character piloting a jet through turbulent skies, maneuvering around obstacles like ships and other aircraft.",fighter jets formation over ocean,51
412,137,zpz_AvFgc_0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpz_AvFgc_0,"The video opens with a wide shot of two fighter jets flying in formation over the ocean, followed by an interior view of a control room where pilots are monitoring screens. The scene shifts to a close-up of a hand pressing buttons on a console amidst red-lit panels and equipment. Next, we see multiple missiles being launched from a ship's deck against a backdrop of clouds and water. A dramatic explosion occurs as one of these missiles hits its target, causing significant damage. Subsequently, there is a rapid sequence showing various angles of the missile hitting different targets, including a helicopter and another aircraft. The final frames depict a character piloting a jet through turbulent skies, maneuvering around obstacles like ships and other aircraft.",missile launch from ship deck,51
413,137,zpz_AvFgc_0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpz_AvFgc_0,"The video opens with a wide shot of two fighter jets flying in formation over the ocean, followed by an interior view of a control room where pilots are monitoring screens. The scene shifts to a close-up of a hand pressing buttons on a console amidst red-lit panels and equipment. Next, we see multiple missiles being launched from a ship's deck against a backdrop of clouds and water. A dramatic explosion occurs as one of these missiles hits its target, causing significant damage. Subsequently, there is a rapid sequence showing various angles of the missile hitting different targets, including a helicopter and another aircraft. The final frames depict a character piloting a jet through turbulent skies, maneuvering around obstacles like ships and other aircraft.",jet pilot navigating turbulent skies,51
414,138,QXc15Y4MgU4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXc15Y4MgU4,"The video features a conversation between two characters, one with long blonde hair and the other with short dark hair. They are in an indoor setting that appears to be a modern office or living space. The blonde-haired character is wearing a white shirt while the dark-haired character wears a blue t-shirt. In the background, there's a large screen displaying what seems like a news broadcast about a 'big bunny' event at a luxurious house. The environment suggests a professional yet casual atmosphere. There are also elements of humor and surprise as indicated by the text overlays such as 'OMG', 'Honey', 'This is normal?', and 'It's a big bunny! Relax'. The lighting is bright and even throughout the scene, highlighting the subjects without casting harsh shadows.",blonde-haired woman in white shirt talking about big bunny event,34
415,138,QXc15Y4MgU4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXc15Y4MgU4,"The video features a conversation between two characters, one with long blonde hair and the other with short dark hair. They are in an indoor setting that appears to be a modern office or living space. The blonde-haired character is wearing a white shirt while the dark-haired character wears a blue t-shirt. In the background, there's a large screen displaying what seems like a news broadcast about a 'big bunny' event at a luxurious house. The environment suggests a professional yet casual atmosphere. There are also elements of humor and surprise as indicated by the text overlays such as 'OMG', 'Honey', 'This is normal?', and 'It's a big bunny! Relax'. The lighting is bright and even throughout the scene, highlighting the subjects without casting harsh shadows.",dark-haired man in blue t-shirt reacting to big bunny news broadcast,34
416,138,QXc15Y4MgU4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXc15Y4MgU4,"The video features a conversation between two characters, one with long blonde hair and the other with short dark hair. They are in an indoor setting that appears to be a modern office or living space. The blonde-haired character is wearing a white shirt while the dark-haired character wears a blue t-shirt. In the background, there's a large screen displaying what seems like a news broadcast about a 'big bunny' event at a luxurious house. The environment suggests a professional yet casual atmosphere. There are also elements of humor and surprise as indicated by the text overlays such as 'OMG', 'Honey', 'This is normal?', and 'It's a big bunny! Relax'. The lighting is bright and even throughout the scene, highlighting the subjects without casting harsh shadows.",office conversation about luxurious house bunny surprise,34
417,139,pFFS2GsBq34.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFFS2GsBq34,"The video features a series of close-up shots with dramatic lighting, primarily in dark and moody tones. The first frame shows an individual wearing a crown-like headpiece against a blurred background that suggests a dimly lit room or hall. In the second frame, another person is seen from behind, their hair styled in braids, also set against a similarly shadowy backdrop. The third frame captures someone dressed in what appears to be medieval attire, possibly indicating a historical setting. The fourth frame presents a figure holding a knife, suggesting a theme of danger or conflict. Throughout these frames, there's a sense of tension and foreboding atmosphere created by the use of shadows and low-key lighting.",dark crown headpiece,28
418,139,pFFS2GsBq34.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFFS2GsBq34,"The video features a series of close-up shots with dramatic lighting, primarily in dark and moody tones. The first frame shows an individual wearing a crown-like headpiece against a blurred background that suggests a dimly lit room or hall. In the second frame, another person is seen from behind, their hair styled in braids, also set against a similarly shadowy backdrop. The third frame captures someone dressed in what appears to be medieval attire, possibly indicating a historical setting. The fourth frame presents a figure holding a knife, suggesting a theme of danger or conflict. Throughout these frames, there's a sense of tension and foreboding atmosphere created by the use of shadows and low-key lighting.",braided hair shadow silhouette,28
419,139,pFFS2GsBq34.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFFS2GsBq34,"The video features a series of close-up shots with dramatic lighting, primarily in dark and moody tones. The first frame shows an individual wearing a crown-like headpiece against a blurred background that suggests a dimly lit room or hall. In the second frame, another person is seen from behind, their hair styled in braids, also set against a similarly shadowy backdrop. The third frame captures someone dressed in what appears to be medieval attire, possibly indicating a historical setting. The fourth frame presents a figure holding a knife, suggesting a theme of danger or conflict. Throughout these frames, there's a sense of tension and foreboding atmosphere created by the use of shadows and low-key lighting.",medieval attire knife confrontation,28
420,140,0X1Z2qENYIc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0X1Z2qENYIc,"The video features a tense interrogation scene between two characters, one in a dark jacket and the other in a light-colored shirt. The setting appears to be an indoor room with dim lighting, creating a somber atmosphere. The character in the dark jacket is speaking directly to the camera, expressing frustration about being left out of decisions that affect their life. He mentions his desire for more control over his own destiny and questions why he's not involved in certain matters. The conversation takes place against a plain background, emphasizing the dialogue without distractions.",interrogation dark jacket frustration,55
421,140,0X1Z2qENYIc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0X1Z2qENYIc,"The video features a tense interrogation scene between two characters, one in a dark jacket and the other in a light-colored shirt. The setting appears to be an indoor room with dim lighting, creating a somber atmosphere. The character in the dark jacket is speaking directly to the camera, expressing frustration about being left out of decisions that affect their life. He mentions his desire for more control over his own destiny and questions why he's not involved in certain matters. The conversation takes place against a plain background, emphasizing the dialogue without distractions.",interrogation desire control destiny,55
422,140,0X1Z2qENYIc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0X1Z2qENYIc,"The video features a tense interrogation scene between two characters, one in a dark jacket and the other in a light-colored shirt. The setting appears to be an indoor room with dim lighting, creating a somber atmosphere. The character in the dark jacket is speaking directly to the camera, expressing frustration about being left out of decisions that affect their life. He mentions his desire for more control over his own destiny and questions why he's not involved in certain matters. The conversation takes place against a plain background, emphasizing the dialogue without distractions.",interrogation dim lighting dialogue,55
423,141,GnFPrxXXFqQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnFPrxXXFqQ,"The video opens with a medium shot of four individuals standing in an office-like setting, surrounded by various cooking utensils and ingredients on the table. The environment is modern and well-lit, suggesting a professional or creative workspace. One individual holds a red-handled kitchen tool while another gestures towards it. A woman stands beside them, observing. The scene transitions to a close-up of this person holding the tool, then cuts back to the group where they appear engaged in conversation about the item. The camera pans out again showing more details like colorful plates and condiments on the table. The lighting remains consistent throughout, highlighting the vibrant colors of the food items and the neutral tones of the room's decor.",cooking tutorial office kitchen,48
424,141,GnFPrxXXFqQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnFPrxXXFqQ,"The video opens with a medium shot of four individuals standing in an office-like setting, surrounded by various cooking utensils and ingredients on the table. The environment is modern and well-lit, suggesting a professional or creative workspace. One individual holds a red-handled kitchen tool while another gestures towards it. A woman stands beside them, observing. The scene transitions to a close-up of this person holding the tool, then cuts back to the group where they appear engaged in conversation about the item. The camera pans out again showing more details like colorful plates and condiments on the table. The lighting remains consistent throughout, highlighting the vibrant colors of the food items and the neutral tones of the room's decor.",red-handled kitchen tool demonstration,48
425,141,GnFPrxXXFqQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnFPrxXXFqQ,"The video opens with a medium shot of four individuals standing in an office-like setting, surrounded by various cooking utensils and ingredients on the table. The environment is modern and well-lit, suggesting a professional or creative workspace. One individual holds a red-handled kitchen tool while another gestures towards it. A woman stands beside them, observing. The scene transitions to a close-up of this person holding the tool, then cuts back to the group where they appear engaged in conversation about the item. The camera pans out again showing more details like colorful plates and condiments on the table. The lighting remains consistent throughout, highlighting the vibrant colors of the food items and the neutral tones of the room's decor.",group cooking conversation office,48
426,142,4b5up-F44dI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4b5up-F44dI,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters walking down a dimly lit street at night, one holding a cane. The scene shifts to an interior setting where a character is seen from behind in a dark room, suggesting tension or secrecy. Another frame shows the same character standing by a window, looking out into a cityscape during dusk. A close-up follows of another character's face, hinting at emotional intensity. Subsequent frames depict various scenes including a man being escorted through a building and a group gathered around what appears to be a crime scene. There are also shots of a person running towards a train station under dramatic lighting conditions. The final frame displays promotional text for 'Daredevil Born Again' alongside the Disney+ logo against a red background.",Daredevil Born Again night street chase,31
427,142,4b5up-F44dI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4b5up-F44dI,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters walking down a dimly lit street at night, one holding a cane. The scene shifts to an interior setting where a character is seen from behind in a dark room, suggesting tension or secrecy. Another frame shows the same character standing by a window, looking out into a cityscape during dusk. A close-up follows of another character's face, hinting at emotional intensity. Subsequent frames depict various scenes including a man being escorted through a building and a group gathered around what appears to be a crime scene. There are also shots of a person running towards a train station under dramatic lighting conditions. The final frame displays promotional text for 'Daredevil Born Again' alongside the Disney+ logo against a red background.",Daredevil Born Again crime scene gathering,31
428,142,4b5up-F44dI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4b5up-F44dI,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters walking down a dimly lit street at night, one holding a cane. The scene shifts to an interior setting where a character is seen from behind in a dark room, suggesting tension or secrecy. Another frame shows the same character standing by a window, looking out into a cityscape during dusk. A close-up follows of another character's face, hinting at emotional intensity. Subsequent frames depict various scenes including a man being escorted through a building and a group gathered around what appears to be a crime scene. There are also shots of a person running towards a train station under dramatic lighting conditions. The final frame displays promotional text for 'Daredevil Born Again' alongside the Disney+ logo against a red background.",Daredevil Born Again train station run,31
429,143,IChtQ1ft8xQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IChtQ1ft8xQ,"The video opens with a night scene on an urban rooftop, where two characters engage in combat. One character is dressed in black and the other in white. The environment features city lights twinkling against a dark sky dotted with stars. A large moon looms over the scene. As they fight, the camera pans to show more of the cityscape below. Suddenly, the character in black leaps off the roof towards a helicopter hovering nearby. He grabs onto its armrests as it descends rapidly. In mid-air, he performs acrobatic flips while maintaining his grip. The helicopter's rotors spin rapidly beneath him. Upon landing safely on another rooftop, the character in black looks up at the one who defeated him, now lying motionless on the ground.",night rooftop fight black vs white,56
430,143,IChtQ1ft8xQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IChtQ1ft8xQ,"The video opens with a night scene on an urban rooftop, where two characters engage in combat. One character is dressed in black and the other in white. The environment features city lights twinkling against a dark sky dotted with stars. A large moon looms over the scene. As they fight, the camera pans to show more of the cityscape below. Suddenly, the character in black leaps off the roof towards a helicopter hovering nearby. He grabs onto its armrests as it descends rapidly. In mid-air, he performs acrobatic flips while maintaining his grip. The helicopter's rotors spin rapidly beneath him. Upon landing safely on another rooftop, the character in black looks up at the one who defeated him, now lying motionless on the ground.",black character jumps onto helicopter,56
431,143,IChtQ1ft8xQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IChtQ1ft8xQ,"The video opens with a night scene on an urban rooftop, where two characters engage in combat. One character is dressed in black and the other in white. The environment features city lights twinkling against a dark sky dotted with stars. A large moon looms over the scene. As they fight, the camera pans to show more of the cityscape below. Suddenly, the character in black leaps off the roof towards a helicopter hovering nearby. He grabs onto its armrests as it descends rapidly. In mid-air, he performs acrobatic flips while maintaining his grip. The helicopter's rotors spin rapidly beneath him. Upon landing safely on another rooftop, the character in black looks up at the one who defeated him, now lying motionless on the ground.",helicopter acrobatic flips rooftop landing,56
432,144,a8ChMvonAws.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8ChMvonAws,"The video opens with a close-up of a person's face, transitioning to another individual in a workshop setting. The scene shifts to an indoor environment where people are gathered around a laptop and conversing. A character is seen holding money, followed by a shot of someone writing on paper. There's also footage of individuals interacting indoors and underwater scenes showcasing advanced technology. The narrative includes a confrontation between two characters, one wielding a weapon while the other appears distressed. The final frame displays promotional material for 'Ironheart,' indicating it will be available on Disney+.",Ironheart workshop laptop scene,30
433,144,a8ChMvonAws.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8ChMvonAws,"The video opens with a close-up of a person's face, transitioning to another individual in a workshop setting. The scene shifts to an indoor environment where people are gathered around a laptop and conversing. A character is seen holding money, followed by a shot of someone writing on paper. There's also footage of individuals interacting indoors and underwater scenes showcasing advanced technology. The narrative includes a confrontation between two characters, one wielding a weapon while the other appears distressed. The final frame displays promotional material for 'Ironheart,' indicating it will be available on Disney+.",Ironheart underwater technology showcase,30
434,144,a8ChMvonAws.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8ChMvonAws,"The video opens with a close-up of a person's face, transitioning to another individual in a workshop setting. The scene shifts to an indoor environment where people are gathered around a laptop and conversing. A character is seen holding money, followed by a shot of someone writing on paper. There's also footage of individuals interacting indoors and underwater scenes showcasing advanced technology. The narrative includes a confrontation between two characters, one wielding a weapon while the other appears distressed. The final frame displays promotional material for 'Ironheart,' indicating it will be available on Disney+.",Ironheart confrontation with weapon,30
435,145,b3pE9BZ_gcc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3pE9BZ_gcc,"The video opens with a close-up of hands gesturing, followed by an exterior shot of a sign reading 'Westview' in the evening sky. The scene shifts to a dimly lit interior where two characters are seen from behind; one is seated while the other stands up. A medium shot reveals more details: both characters wear dark clothing and have their hair styled differently. The environment suggests a tense atmosphere, possibly hinting at a confrontation or significant event about to unfold. The lighting is moody, casting shadows that add to the suspenseful mood. In another frame, we see a character standing outside near a house during daylight hours, indicating a change in setting or time. The final frame displays promotional text for 'Agatha Alalong,' suggesting it's related to the previous scenes involving tension and potential conflict.",Westview tense confrontation,16
436,145,b3pE9BZ_gcc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3pE9BZ_gcc,"The video opens with a close-up of hands gesturing, followed by an exterior shot of a sign reading 'Westview' in the evening sky. The scene shifts to a dimly lit interior where two characters are seen from behind; one is seated while the other stands up. A medium shot reveals more details: both characters wear dark clothing and have their hair styled differently. The environment suggests a tense atmosphere, possibly hinting at a confrontation or significant event about to unfold. The lighting is moody, casting shadows that add to the suspenseful mood. In another frame, we see a character standing outside near a house during daylight hours, indicating a change in setting or time. The final frame displays promotional text for 'Agatha Alalong,' suggesting it's related to the previous scenes involving tension and potential conflict.",Agatha Alalong promo scene,16
437,145,b3pE9BZ_gcc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3pE9BZ_gcc,"The video opens with a close-up of hands gesturing, followed by an exterior shot of a sign reading 'Westview' in the evening sky. The scene shifts to a dimly lit interior where two characters are seen from behind; one is seated while the other stands up. A medium shot reveals more details: both characters wear dark clothing and have their hair styled differently. The environment suggests a tense atmosphere, possibly hinting at a confrontation or significant event about to unfold. The lighting is moody, casting shadows that add to the suspenseful mood. In another frame, we see a character standing outside near a house during daylight hours, indicating a change in setting or time. The final frame displays promotional text for 'Agatha Alalong,' suggesting it's related to the previous scenes involving tension and potential conflict.",hand gesture opening shot,16
438,146,wO3helxisX0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wO3helxisX0,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a futuristic suit, showcasing intricate details and glowing blue accents. The scene transitions to an urban setting where the same character is seen from behind as they leap over a train on elevated tracks amidst tall buildings. Next, there's a medium shot inside what appears to be a high-tech facility or laboratory, focusing on another individual working at a desk surrounded by computer screens displaying complex data. A close-up follows of this person typing on a keyboard, indicating work related to technology or hacking. Subsequently, we see a close-up of hands manipulating machinery, suggesting assembly or repair work. Another frame shows two individuals conversing in a dimly lit room filled with various objects that suggest a workspace environment. Finally, the video concludes with a dramatic action sequence featuring characters engaged in combat within a cityscape at night, emphasizing intensity and conflict.",futuristic suit leaping over elevated train,30
439,146,wO3helxisX0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wO3helxisX0,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a futuristic suit, showcasing intricate details and glowing blue accents. The scene transitions to an urban setting where the same character is seen from behind as they leap over a train on elevated tracks amidst tall buildings. Next, there's a medium shot inside what appears to be a high-tech facility or laboratory, focusing on another individual working at a desk surrounded by computer screens displaying complex data. A close-up follows of this person typing on a keyboard, indicating work related to technology or hacking. Subsequently, we see a close-up of hands manipulating machinery, suggesting assembly or repair work. Another frame shows two individuals conversing in a dimly lit room filled with various objects that suggest a workspace environment. Finally, the video concludes with a dramatic action sequence featuring characters engaged in combat within a cityscape at night, emphasizing intensity and conflict.",high‑tech lab hacking scene with computer screens,30
440,146,wO3helxisX0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wO3helxisX0,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a futuristic suit, showcasing intricate details and glowing blue accents. The scene transitions to an urban setting where the same character is seen from behind as they leap over a train on elevated tracks amidst tall buildings. Next, there's a medium shot inside what appears to be a high-tech facility or laboratory, focusing on another individual working at a desk surrounded by computer screens displaying complex data. A close-up follows of this person typing on a keyboard, indicating work related to technology or hacking. Subsequently, we see a close-up of hands manipulating machinery, suggesting assembly or repair work. Another frame shows two individuals conversing in a dimly lit room filled with various objects that suggest a workspace environment. Finally, the video concludes with a dramatic action sequence featuring characters engaged in combat within a cityscape at night, emphasizing intensity and conflict.",cityscape night combat with futuristic characters,30
441,147,ctSTTXFlySg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctSTTXFlySg,"The video features a large group of people gathered in what appears to be an indoor setting with modern architecture, possibly a convention center or similar venue. The crowd is diverse and colorful, dressed in various costumes that suggest they are fans of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). Many individuals wear superhero-themed outfits such as Captain America's suit, Iron Man's armor, and other iconic characters from the MCU. Some hold props like swords and shields, indicating their enthusiasm for the franchise. A person sits at the front wearing a dark suit and tie, gesturing animatedly towards the camera, which suggests he may be addressing the audience or introducing something significant. The lighting is bright and even, likely artificial due to the indoor environment.",MCU cosplay convention crowd,9
442,147,ctSTTXFlySg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctSTTXFlySg,"The video features a large group of people gathered in what appears to be an indoor setting with modern architecture, possibly a convention center or similar venue. The crowd is diverse and colorful, dressed in various costumes that suggest they are fans of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). Many individuals wear superhero-themed outfits such as Captain America's suit, Iron Man's armor, and other iconic characters from the MCU. Some hold props like swords and shields, indicating their enthusiasm for the franchise. A person sits at the front wearing a dark suit and tie, gesturing animatedly towards the camera, which suggests he may be addressing the audience or introducing something significant. The lighting is bright and even, likely artificial due to the indoor environment.",Captain America and Iron Man fans at event,9
443,147,ctSTTXFlySg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctSTTXFlySg,"The video features a large group of people gathered in what appears to be an indoor setting with modern architecture, possibly a convention center or similar venue. The crowd is diverse and colorful, dressed in various costumes that suggest they are fans of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). Many individuals wear superhero-themed outfits such as Captain America's suit, Iron Man's armor, and other iconic characters from the MCU. Some hold props like swords and shields, indicating their enthusiasm for the franchise. A person sits at the front wearing a dark suit and tie, gesturing animatedly towards the camera, which suggests he may be addressing the audience or introducing something significant. The lighting is bright and even, likely artificial due to the indoor environment.",MCU fan meet with front speaker,9
444,148,xYAsTBCkVCw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYAsTBCkVCw,"The video opens with a close-up of an animated character in a white and blue suit, transitioning to another character in red armor wielding glowing weapons. The scene shifts to a woman in black holding a large hammer amidst city lights, followed by a darkened frame before returning to the first character's face illuminated by bright light. A group of characters stands together against a starry background; one is in a red and gold costume while others wear similar attire. The focus then moves to a character in a futuristic outfit with glowing eyes, standing confidently on what appears to be a platform or bridge. Another character is shown from behind, wearing a helmet and cape, set against a backdrop of stars and space. The final frames depict a character in a blue and silver suit flying through space, surrounded by vibrant colors and cosmic elements.",animated character in white and blue suit opening scene,34
445,148,xYAsTBCkVCw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYAsTBCkVCw,"The video opens with a close-up of an animated character in a white and blue suit, transitioning to another character in red armor wielding glowing weapons. The scene shifts to a woman in black holding a large hammer amidst city lights, followed by a darkened frame before returning to the first character's face illuminated by bright light. A group of characters stands together against a starry background; one is in a red and gold costume while others wear similar attire. The focus then moves to a character in a futuristic outfit with glowing eyes, standing confidently on what appears to be a platform or bridge. Another character is shown from behind, wearing a helmet and cape, set against a backdrop of stars and space. The final frames depict a character in a blue and silver suit flying through space, surrounded by vibrant colors and cosmic elements.",red armor glowing weapons combat sequence,34
446,148,xYAsTBCkVCw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYAsTBCkVCw,"The video opens with a close-up of an animated character in a white and blue suit, transitioning to another character in red armor wielding glowing weapons. The scene shifts to a woman in black holding a large hammer amidst city lights, followed by a darkened frame before returning to the first character's face illuminated by bright light. A group of characters stands together against a starry background; one is in a red and gold costume while others wear similar attire. The focus then moves to a character in a futuristic outfit with glowing eyes, standing confidently on what appears to be a platform or bridge. Another character is shown from behind, wearing a helmet and cape, set against a backdrop of stars and space. The final frames depict a character in a blue and silver suit flying through space, surrounded by vibrant colors and cosmic elements.",blue and silver suit flying through space,34
447,149,gPAAhhHv3a4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPAAhhHv3a4,"The video opens with a close-up of a character's face, transitioning to an action-packed scene where characters are running through a cityscape. The environment is gritty and urban, suggesting a post-apocalyptic setting. A character in dark clothing appears distressed or contemplative as the camera focuses on their face. Another shot shows a character standing alone against a backdrop that suggests isolation or abandonment. Subsequent frames feature text overlays indicating themes such as 'RAW AND DEEPLY HUMAN' and 'NO...or our lives forever.' These elements suggest introspective moments within the narrative. The final frame displays bold yellow text stating 'BEST MARVEL MOVIE SINCE AVENGERS: ENDGAME,' implying a critical review or commentary on the film's quality.",post-apocalyptic city run scene,31
448,149,gPAAhhHv3a4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPAAhhHv3a4,"The video opens with a close-up of a character's face, transitioning to an action-packed scene where characters are running through a cityscape. The environment is gritty and urban, suggesting a post-apocalyptic setting. A character in dark clothing appears distressed or contemplative as the camera focuses on their face. Another shot shows a character standing alone against a backdrop that suggests isolation or abandonment. Subsequent frames feature text overlays indicating themes such as 'RAW AND DEEPLY HUMAN' and 'NO...or our lives forever.' These elements suggest introspective moments within the narrative. The final frame displays bold yellow text stating 'BEST MARVEL MOVIE SINCE AVENGERS: ENDGAME,' implying a critical review or commentary on the film's quality.",dark clothing character in isolation,31
449,149,gPAAhhHv3a4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPAAhhHv3a4,"The video opens with a close-up of a character's face, transitioning to an action-packed scene where characters are running through a cityscape. The environment is gritty and urban, suggesting a post-apocalyptic setting. A character in dark clothing appears distressed or contemplative as the camera focuses on their face. Another shot shows a character standing alone against a backdrop that suggests isolation or abandonment. Subsequent frames feature text overlays indicating themes such as 'RAW AND DEEPLY HUMAN' and 'NO...or our lives forever.' These elements suggest introspective moments within the narrative. The final frame displays bold yellow text stating 'BEST MARVEL MOVIE SINCE AVENGERS: ENDGAME,' implying a critical review or commentary on the film's quality.",best Marvel movie since Avengers: Endgame review,31
450,150,QkcbeL0B_aE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkcbeL0B_aE,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters, one duck-like and the other human, in an interior space resembling a spaceship's control room. The environment is dimly lit with blue hues dominating the scene. A bright light source illuminates from behind them as they prepare for takeoff. The camera then cuts to a wide shot showcasing the exterior of the spacecraft against a starry night sky, emphasizing its sleek design and advanced technology. Following this, there are close-up shots focusing on the human character operating controls while the duck character looks concerned. The final frame displays promotional text 'WHAT IF?' alongside logos indicating it's part of Marvel Animation's series 'What If?'.",Marvel What If spaceship control room duck and human,50
451,150,QkcbeL0B_aE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkcbeL0B_aE,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters, one duck-like and the other human, in an interior space resembling a spaceship's control room. The environment is dimly lit with blue hues dominating the scene. A bright light source illuminates from behind them as they prepare for takeoff. The camera then cuts to a wide shot showcasing the exterior of the spacecraft against a starry night sky, emphasizing its sleek design and advanced technology. Following this, there are close-up shots focusing on the human character operating controls while the duck character looks concerned. The final frame displays promotional text 'WHAT IF?' alongside logos indicating it's part of Marvel Animation's series 'What If?'.",What If? space ship takeoff sequence with blue lighting,50
452,150,QkcbeL0B_aE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkcbeL0B_aE,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters, one duck-like and the other human, in an interior space resembling a spaceship's control room. The environment is dimly lit with blue hues dominating the scene. A bright light source illuminates from behind them as they prepare for takeoff. The camera then cuts to a wide shot showcasing the exterior of the spacecraft against a starry night sky, emphasizing its sleek design and advanced technology. Following this, there are close-up shots focusing on the human character operating controls while the duck character looks concerned. The final frame displays promotional text 'WHAT IF?' alongside logos indicating it's part of Marvel Animation's series 'What If?'.",Marvel animation duck concerned in spaceship control panel,50
453,151,6ALCmxChYHc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ALCmxChYHc,"The video opens with a wide shot of four characters in blue suits standing on a circular platform, illuminated by bright lights against a dark background. The scene transitions to an intense close-up of one character crouching amidst flames, showcasing their agility and readiness for action. Another character is shown running through a crowd, emphasizing urgency and movement. A medium shot follows where the same character runs past bystanders, highlighting the chaos around them. The final frame shows another character in mid-air, suggesting high-speed motion or escape. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of dynamic energy and anticipation for what lies ahead.",blue suits on circular platform,16
454,151,6ALCmxChYHc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ALCmxChYHc,"The video opens with a wide shot of four characters in blue suits standing on a circular platform, illuminated by bright lights against a dark background. The scene transitions to an intense close-up of one character crouching amidst flames, showcasing their agility and readiness for action. Another character is shown running through a crowd, emphasizing urgency and movement. A medium shot follows where the same character runs past bystanders, highlighting the chaos around them. The final frame shows another character in mid-air, suggesting high-speed motion or escape. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of dynamic energy and anticipation for what lies ahead.",character crouching amid flames,16
455,151,6ALCmxChYHc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ALCmxChYHc,"The video opens with a wide shot of four characters in blue suits standing on a circular platform, illuminated by bright lights against a dark background. The scene transitions to an intense close-up of one character crouching amidst flames, showcasing their agility and readiness for action. Another character is shown running through a crowd, emphasizing urgency and movement. A medium shot follows where the same character runs past bystanders, highlighting the chaos around them. The final frame shows another character in mid-air, suggesting high-speed motion or escape. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of dynamic energy and anticipation for what lies ahead.",character running through crowd,16
456,152,8vVI8FaNoMI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vVI8FaNoMI,"The video opens with a wide shot of the Avengers Tower, showcasing its modern architecture and bustling cityscape in the background. The scene transitions to an indoor setting where people are gathered around a large glass display case containing what appears to be a significant artifact or trophy. A woman is seen pouring a drink at a bar counter, suggesting a social event. Next, there's a close-up of a person wearing a dark jacket against a dimly lit background, followed by another individual standing on a high platform overlooking the city from above. This is followed by a dynamic action sequence featuring a character in green armor engaged in combat within an urban environment. Subsequently, we see two characters conversing inside a room filled with various objects like weapons and equipment. Finally, the video concludes with promotional text for 'Thor: Ragnarok' and information about ticket availability.",Avengers Tower artifact display case,31
457,152,8vVI8FaNoMI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vVI8FaNoMI,"The video opens with a wide shot of the Avengers Tower, showcasing its modern architecture and bustling cityscape in the background. The scene transitions to an indoor setting where people are gathered around a large glass display case containing what appears to be a significant artifact or trophy. A woman is seen pouring a drink at a bar counter, suggesting a social event. Next, there's a close-up of a person wearing a dark jacket against a dimly lit background, followed by another individual standing on a high platform overlooking the city from above. This is followed by a dynamic action sequence featuring a character in green armor engaged in combat within an urban environment. Subsequently, we see two characters conversing inside a room filled with various objects like weapons and equipment. Finally, the video concludes with promotional text for 'Thor: Ragnarok' and information about ticket availability.",green armor combat in city,31
458,152,8vVI8FaNoMI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vVI8FaNoMI,"The video opens with a wide shot of the Avengers Tower, showcasing its modern architecture and bustling cityscape in the background. The scene transitions to an indoor setting where people are gathered around a large glass display case containing what appears to be a significant artifact or trophy. A woman is seen pouring a drink at a bar counter, suggesting a social event. Next, there's a close-up of a person wearing a dark jacket against a dimly lit background, followed by another individual standing on a high platform overlooking the city from above. This is followed by a dynamic action sequence featuring a character in green armor engaged in combat within an urban environment. Subsequently, we see two characters conversing inside a room filled with various objects like weapons and equipment. Finally, the video concludes with promotional text for 'Thor: Ragnarok' and information about ticket availability.",Thor Ragnarok bar scene,31
459,153,VlaAD_F_6ao.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VlaAD_F_6ao,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in a dark room, transitioning to another individual in a dimly lit environment. The scene shifts to a man standing in an indoor setting, followed by a title card reading 'MARVEL STUDIOS'. A character is then shown holding a smartphone displaying the text 'Fall for a Hero: The John Walker Story', indicating a movie trailer. Next, we see a woman in tactical gear aiming her weapon at someone off-screen, suggesting action or confrontation. Another shot shows a man in a suit and tie looking serious. Following this, there's a wide shot of people gathered indoors, possibly at an event or ceremony. Subsequently, a figure stands confidently in what appears to be a high-tech facility. The narrative continues with a tense moment where two characters are engaged in combat within a dimly lit space filled with equipment. The final frames depict a dramatic outdoor scene featuring a motorcycle rider against a backdrop of mountains under a clear sky.",John Walker Marvel Studios trailer,58
460,153,VlaAD_F_6ao.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VlaAD_F_6ao,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in a dark room, transitioning to another individual in a dimly lit environment. The scene shifts to a man standing in an indoor setting, followed by a title card reading 'MARVEL STUDIOS'. A character is then shown holding a smartphone displaying the text 'Fall for a Hero: The John Walker Story', indicating a movie trailer. Next, we see a woman in tactical gear aiming her weapon at someone off-screen, suggesting action or confrontation. Another shot shows a man in a suit and tie looking serious. Following this, there's a wide shot of people gathered indoors, possibly at an event or ceremony. Subsequently, a figure stands confidently in what appears to be a high-tech facility. The narrative continues with a tense moment where two characters are engaged in combat within a dimly lit space filled with equipment. The final frames depict a dramatic outdoor scene featuring a motorcycle rider against a backdrop of mountains under a clear sky.",woman in tactical gear aiming weapon in dimly lit room,58
461,153,VlaAD_F_6ao.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VlaAD_F_6ao,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in a dark room, transitioning to another individual in a dimly lit environment. The scene shifts to a man standing in an indoor setting, followed by a title card reading 'MARVEL STUDIOS'. A character is then shown holding a smartphone displaying the text 'Fall for a Hero: The John Walker Story', indicating a movie trailer. Next, we see a woman in tactical gear aiming her weapon at someone off-screen, suggesting action or confrontation. Another shot shows a man in a suit and tie looking serious. Following this, there's a wide shot of people gathered indoors, possibly at an event or ceremony. Subsequently, a figure stands confidently in what appears to be a high-tech facility. The narrative continues with a tense moment where two characters are engaged in combat within a dimly lit space filled with equipment. The final frames depict a dramatic outdoor scene featuring a motorcycle rider against a backdrop of mountains under a clear sky.",motorcycle rider on mountains dramatic outdoor scene,58
462,154,DZVjFW3KrR8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZVjFW3KrR8,"The video opens with a group of four people seated at round tables in an indoor setting, suggesting a casual yet formal event. The environment is modern and well-lit, with large windows showcasing a cityscape view. A man stands on stage wearing a beige sweater and dark pants, addressing the audience from behind a podium. He's flanked by two women; one in a teal dress and another in black attire. The scene shifts to show them standing together on stage, engaging with the crowd as they wave and interact. The atmosphere is celebratory, indicated by the cheering audience and the presence of microphones. The final frames reveal a wide shot of the venue where the '4' logo is prominently displayed, indicating it might be related to the event or production being discussed.",4 logo corporate event stage presentation,41
463,154,DZVjFW3KrR8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZVjFW3KrR8,"The video opens with a group of four people seated at round tables in an indoor setting, suggesting a casual yet formal event. The environment is modern and well-lit, with large windows showcasing a cityscape view. A man stands on stage wearing a beige sweater and dark pants, addressing the audience from behind a podium. He's flanked by two women; one in a teal dress and another in black attire. The scene shifts to show them standing together on stage, engaging with the crowd as they wave and interact. The atmosphere is celebratory, indicated by the cheering audience and the presence of microphones. The final frames reveal a wide shot of the venue where the '4' logo is prominently displayed, indicating it might be related to the event or production being discussed.",beige sweater speaker at podium,41
464,154,DZVjFW3KrR8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZVjFW3KrR8,"The video opens with a group of four people seated at round tables in an indoor setting, suggesting a casual yet formal event. The environment is modern and well-lit, with large windows showcasing a cityscape view. A man stands on stage wearing a beige sweater and dark pants, addressing the audience from behind a podium. He's flanked by two women; one in a teal dress and another in black attire. The scene shifts to show them standing together on stage, engaging with the crowd as they wave and interact. The atmosphere is celebratory, indicated by the cheering audience and the presence of microphones. The final frames reveal a wide shot of the venue where the '4' logo is prominently displayed, indicating it might be related to the event or production being discussed.",teal dress woman speaking at corporate event,41
465,155,Sv63WB5i38E.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sv63WB5i38E,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a blue and white costume, resembling the Hulk, amidst flames. The text 'What time is it?' appears at the top, suggesting urgency or confusion. The scene shifts to another character running through an urban environment, wearing similar attire but without the iconic mask. A dramatic explosion occurs as they run past buildings, creating a sense of chaos and danger. The final frame shows the logo for 'the Fantastic 4' on a dark background, indicating that this clip is from the movie 'Fantastic Four.'",Fantastic 4 blue and white Hulk‑like character in flames,22
466,155,Sv63WB5i38E.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sv63WB5i38E,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a blue and white costume, resembling the Hulk, amidst flames. The text 'What time is it?' appears at the top, suggesting urgency or confusion. The scene shifts to another character running through an urban environment, wearing similar attire but without the iconic mask. A dramatic explosion occurs as they run past buildings, creating a sense of chaos and danger. The final frame shows the logo for 'the Fantastic 4' on a dark background, indicating that this clip is from the movie 'Fantastic Four.'",Fantastic 4 urban chase explosion scene,22
467,155,Sv63WB5i38E.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sv63WB5i38E,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a blue and white costume, resembling the Hulk, amidst flames. The text 'What time is it?' appears at the top, suggesting urgency or confusion. The scene shifts to another character running through an urban environment, wearing similar attire but without the iconic mask. A dramatic explosion occurs as they run past buildings, creating a sense of chaos and danger. The final frame shows the logo for 'the Fantastic 4' on a dark background, indicating that this clip is from the movie 'Fantastic Four.'",Fantastic 4 ‘What time is it?’ text overlay,22
468,156,2T4uPJcHqIc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2T4uPJcHqIc,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in distress, followed by another person standing confidently. The scene shifts to a character holding a glowing object, then transitions to a dark setting where the same character is seen from behind, suggesting stealth or concealment. A title card appears stating 'NOW STREAMING', indicating that this content is available for viewing on streaming platforms. Another shot shows someone falling down stairs, implying danger or urgency. Subsequently, there's a medium shot of two characters sitting closely together, one reaching out towards the other, which could suggest intimacy or connection. Finally, we see a character seated atop a roof under ominous lighting conditions, possibly hinting at a pivotal moment or climax within the narrative.",character holding glowing object in dark setting,25
469,156,2T4uPJcHqIc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2T4uPJcHqIc,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in distress, followed by another person standing confidently. The scene shifts to a character holding a glowing object, then transitions to a dark setting where the same character is seen from behind, suggesting stealth or concealment. A title card appears stating 'NOW STREAMING', indicating that this content is available for viewing on streaming platforms. Another shot shows someone falling down stairs, implying danger or urgency. Subsequently, there's a medium shot of two characters sitting closely together, one reaching out towards the other, which could suggest intimacy or connection. Finally, we see a character seated atop a roof under ominous lighting conditions, possibly hinting at a pivotal moment or climax within the narrative.",someone falling down stairs dramatic moment,25
470,156,2T4uPJcHqIc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2T4uPJcHqIc,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in distress, followed by another person standing confidently. The scene shifts to a character holding a glowing object, then transitions to a dark setting where the same character is seen from behind, suggesting stealth or concealment. A title card appears stating 'NOW STREAMING', indicating that this content is available for viewing on streaming platforms. Another shot shows someone falling down stairs, implying danger or urgency. Subsequently, there's a medium shot of two characters sitting closely together, one reaching out towards the other, which could suggest intimacy or connection. Finally, we see a character seated atop a roof under ominous lighting conditions, possibly hinting at a pivotal moment or climax within the narrative.",intimate seated characters on roof,25
471,157,_k0bsFk-ZBs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_k0bsFk-ZBs,"The video clip opens with a close-up of two characters, one male and one female, in an intimate setting. The male character is wearing a dark jacket over a lighter shirt, while the female has long hair that appears wet or dirty. They are standing very close to each other, suggesting a moment of intimacy or emotional connection. The lighting is dim and moody, creating an atmosphere of tension or suspense. As the camera pans out slightly, it reveals more of their surroundings which seem to be outdoors at night, possibly in a forested area given the darkness and shadows present. The environment looks desolate and eerie, contributing to the overall mood of the scene. There's no significant action from either character; they remain mostly still throughout these frames.",intimate night forest couple with dark jacket,49
472,157,_k0bsFk-ZBs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_k0bsFk-ZBs,"The video clip opens with a close-up of two characters, one male and one female, in an intimate setting. The male character is wearing a dark jacket over a lighter shirt, while the female has long hair that appears wet or dirty. They are standing very close to each other, suggesting a moment of intimacy or emotional connection. The lighting is dim and moody, creating an atmosphere of tension or suspense. As the camera pans out slightly, it reveals more of their surroundings which seem to be outdoors at night, possibly in a forested area given the darkness and shadows present. The environment looks desolate and eerie, contributing to the overall mood of the scene. There's no significant action from either character; they remain mostly still throughout these frames.",male female moody forest scene wet hair,49
473,157,_k0bsFk-ZBs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_k0bsFk-ZBs,"The video clip opens with a close-up of two characters, one male and one female, in an intimate setting. The male character is wearing a dark jacket over a lighter shirt, while the female has long hair that appears wet or dirty. They are standing very close to each other, suggesting a moment of intimacy or emotional connection. The lighting is dim and moody, creating an atmosphere of tension or suspense. As the camera pans out slightly, it reveals more of their surroundings which seem to be outdoors at night, possibly in a forested area given the darkness and shadows present. The environment looks desolate and eerie, contributing to the overall mood of the scene. There's no significant action from either character; they remain mostly still throughout these frames.",night forest couple dim lighting couple,49
474,158,LiTbwy-zLjA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiTbwy-zLjA,"The video features a person dressed in elaborate costume resembling a character from the Marvel Cinematic Universe, specifically Venom. The individual is wearing a black and white suit with blue accents that mimic Venom's signature colors. They have long braided hair styled to look like Venom's dreadlocks. In their hands are two props: one appears to be a sword or staff, while the other resembles Venom's iconic horned helmet. The setting seems to be an indoor event space filled with various attendees, some of whom are also dressed up as characters from different universes. The lighting is bright, typical for such events, highlighting the vibrant costumes worn by the participants.",Venom cosplay sword and horned helmet,8
475,158,LiTbwy-zLjA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiTbwy-zLjA,"The video features a person dressed in elaborate costume resembling a character from the Marvel Cinematic Universe, specifically Venom. The individual is wearing a black and white suit with blue accents that mimic Venom's signature colors. They have long braided hair styled to look like Venom's dreadlocks. In their hands are two props: one appears to be a sword or staff, while the other resembles Venom's iconic horned helmet. The setting seems to be an indoor event space filled with various attendees, some of whom are also dressed up as characters from different universes. The lighting is bright, typical for such events, highlighting the vibrant costumes worn by the participants.",Venom cosplay indoor event with other cosplayers,8
476,158,LiTbwy-zLjA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiTbwy-zLjA,"The video features a person dressed in elaborate costume resembling a character from the Marvel Cinematic Universe, specifically Venom. The individual is wearing a black and white suit with blue accents that mimic Venom's signature colors. They have long braided hair styled to look like Venom's dreadlocks. In their hands are two props: one appears to be a sword or staff, while the other resembles Venom's iconic horned helmet. The setting seems to be an indoor event space filled with various attendees, some of whom are also dressed up as characters from different universes. The lighting is bright, typical for such events, highlighting the vibrant costumes worn by the participants.",Venom cosplay costume black white blue accents,8
477,159,AyOaLsNXlF8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyOaLsNXlF8,"The video opens with a close-up of hands in white gloves, suggesting preparation or concealment. The scene shifts to an individual wearing a mask and hooded attire, standing confidently on what appears to be a street at night, illuminated by ambient light that casts shadows around them. This person is then shown from behind, walking away into the darkness, emphasizing their solitary presence. A motorcycle speeds past under dim lighting, hinting at urgency or escape. Finally, we see a title card for 'Marvel Television Daredevil Born Again' followed by another title card for Disney+, indicating the show's network distribution. Throughout these scenes, there are no discernible facial expressions due to the masks worn; however, the overall tone suggests tension and mystery associated with the character Daredevil.",Daredevil white gloves street night teaser,16
478,159,AyOaLsNXlF8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyOaLsNXlF8,"The video opens with a close-up of hands in white gloves, suggesting preparation or concealment. The scene shifts to an individual wearing a mask and hooded attire, standing confidently on what appears to be a street at night, illuminated by ambient light that casts shadows around them. This person is then shown from behind, walking away into the darkness, emphasizing their solitary presence. A motorcycle speeds past under dim lighting, hinting at urgency or escape. Finally, we see a title card for 'Marvel Television Daredevil Born Again' followed by another title card for Disney+, indicating the show's network distribution. Throughout these scenes, there are no discernible facial expressions due to the masks worn; however, the overall tone suggests tension and mystery associated with the character Daredevil.",Daredevil motorcycle chase dim lighting,16
479,159,AyOaLsNXlF8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyOaLsNXlF8,"The video opens with a close-up of hands in white gloves, suggesting preparation or concealment. The scene shifts to an individual wearing a mask and hooded attire, standing confidently on what appears to be a street at night, illuminated by ambient light that casts shadows around them. This person is then shown from behind, walking away into the darkness, emphasizing their solitary presence. A motorcycle speeds past under dim lighting, hinting at urgency or escape. Finally, we see a title card for 'Marvel Television Daredevil Born Again' followed by another title card for Disney+, indicating the show's network distribution. Throughout these scenes, there are no discernible facial expressions due to the masks worn; however, the overall tone suggests tension and mystery associated with the character Daredevil.",Marvel Daredevil Born Again title card,16
480,160,6v6ji-e5itU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6v6ji-e5itU,"The video features two men seated on chairs in a dimly lit studio, engaged in an interview. The man on the left wears a black leather jacket and cap, while his counterpart is dressed in a dark suit. They discuss various topics including food, music, Marvel characters like Iron Man and Thor, and their personal experiences with metal detectors. The environment suggests they are discussing behind-the-scenes aspects of filmmaking or entertainment industry events. There's also footage from 'Thor: The Dark World' showing a character holding a large fish, indicating a behind-the-scenes look at filming. The lighting is dramatic, focusing on the subjects against a darker background. Text overlays appear intermittently to emphasize points being made by the speakers.",Iron Man Thor interview food music metal detectors,56
481,160,6v6ji-e5itU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6v6ji-e5itU,"The video features two men seated on chairs in a dimly lit studio, engaged in an interview. The man on the left wears a black leather jacket and cap, while his counterpart is dressed in a dark suit. They discuss various topics including food, music, Marvel characters like Iron Man and Thor, and their personal experiences with metal detectors. The environment suggests they are discussing behind-the-scenes aspects of filmmaking or entertainment industry events. There's also footage from 'Thor: The Dark World' showing a character holding a large fish, indicating a behind-the-scenes look at filming. The lighting is dramatic, focusing on the subjects against a darker background. Text overlays appear intermittently to emphasize points being made by the speakers.",Thor: The Dark World behind the scenes fish footage,56
482,160,6v6ji-e5itU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6v6ji-e5itU,"The video features two men seated on chairs in a dimly lit studio, engaged in an interview. The man on the left wears a black leather jacket and cap, while his counterpart is dressed in a dark suit. They discuss various topics including food, music, Marvel characters like Iron Man and Thor, and their personal experiences with metal detectors. The environment suggests they are discussing behind-the-scenes aspects of filmmaking or entertainment industry events. There's also footage from 'Thor: The Dark World' showing a character holding a large fish, indicating a behind-the-scenes look at filming. The lighting is dramatic, focusing on the subjects against a darker background. Text overlays appear intermittently to emphasize points being made by the speakers.",black leather jacket interview dark studio,56
483,161,235uHCACn90.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=235uHCACn90,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape, transitioning to an interior view where two characters in blue uniforms walk confidently. The scene shifts to a dark screen displaying 'THE HUNGER' and then to another title card reading 'IS REAL.' A panoramic aerial view follows, showcasing the bustling New York City skyline under clear skies. Next, we see a close-up of a character's helmet adorned with popcorn kernels, emphasizing its size as indicated by text overlays stating '20 INCHES WIDE,' '17.5 INCHES TALL,' and '15 INCHES HIGH.' The final frames depict a person in casual attire standing indoors, followed by a close-up of a futuristic helmet filled with popcorn kernels, concluding with promotional text for 'the Fantastic 4' movie.",Blue uniform characters in New York cityscape,40
484,161,235uHCACn90.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=235uHCACn90,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape, transitioning to an interior view where two characters in blue uniforms walk confidently. The scene shifts to a dark screen displaying 'THE HUNGER' and then to another title card reading 'IS REAL.' A panoramic aerial view follows, showcasing the bustling New York City skyline under clear skies. Next, we see a close-up of a character's helmet adorned with popcorn kernels, emphasizing its size as indicated by text overlays stating '20 INCHES WIDE,' '17.5 INCHES TALL,' and '15 INCHES HIGH.' The final frames depict a person in casual attire standing indoors, followed by a close-up of a futuristic helmet filled with popcorn kernels, concluding with promotional text for 'the Fantastic 4' movie.",Popcorn helmet 20 inches wide futuristic design,40
485,161,235uHCACn90.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=235uHCACn90,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape, transitioning to an interior view where two characters in blue uniforms walk confidently. The scene shifts to a dark screen displaying 'THE HUNGER' and then to another title card reading 'IS REAL.' A panoramic aerial view follows, showcasing the bustling New York City skyline under clear skies. Next, we see a close-up of a character's helmet adorned with popcorn kernels, emphasizing its size as indicated by text overlays stating '20 INCHES WIDE,' '17.5 INCHES TALL,' and '15 INCHES HIGH.' The final frames depict a person in casual attire standing indoors, followed by a close-up of a futuristic helmet filled with popcorn kernels, concluding with promotional text for 'the Fantastic 4' movie.",Fantastic 4 popcorn helmet movie promo,40
486,162,wAE67ym-scc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAE67ym-scc,"The video opens with a close-up of a man wearing dark sunglasses, his face partially illuminated by dim lighting. The scene transitions to another close-up where the same man is seen holding a phone to his ear, suggesting he's in conversation or receiving an urgent call. Text appears on screen saying '911, what's your emergency?' indicating a critical situation requiring immediate assistance. The next frame shows the man looking concerned and slightly distressed as he continues the call. A photograph of a person named 'Nelson' is shown, followed by him walking outside at night towards a building entrance, implying urgency and possibly danger. He unlocks the door and enters cautiously into a dimly lit area that seems like a rooftop or high-rise apartment complex. Smoke or mist fills the air around him, adding to the sense of tension and potential threat.",man wearing sunglasses 911 call,31
487,162,wAE67ym-scc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAE67ym-scc,"The video opens with a close-up of a man wearing dark sunglasses, his face partially illuminated by dim lighting. The scene transitions to another close-up where the same man is seen holding a phone to his ear, suggesting he's in conversation or receiving an urgent call. Text appears on screen saying '911, what's your emergency?' indicating a critical situation requiring immediate assistance. The next frame shows the man looking concerned and slightly distressed as he continues the call. A photograph of a person named 'Nelson' is shown, followed by him walking outside at night towards a building entrance, implying urgency and possibly danger. He unlocks the door and enters cautiously into a dimly lit area that seems like a rooftop or high-rise apartment complex. Smoke or mist fills the air around him, adding to the sense of tension and potential threat.",nighttime rooftop entry with smoke,31
488,162,wAE67ym-scc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAE67ym-scc,"The video opens with a close-up of a man wearing dark sunglasses, his face partially illuminated by dim lighting. The scene transitions to another close-up where the same man is seen holding a phone to his ear, suggesting he's in conversation or receiving an urgent call. Text appears on screen saying '911, what's your emergency?' indicating a critical situation requiring immediate assistance. The next frame shows the man looking concerned and slightly distressed as he continues the call. A photograph of a person named 'Nelson' is shown, followed by him walking outside at night towards a building entrance, implying urgency and possibly danger. He unlocks the door and enters cautiously into a dimly lit area that seems like a rooftop or high-rise apartment complex. Smoke or mist fills the air around him, adding to the sense of tension and potential threat.",distressed man walking to high‑rise entrance,31
489,163,lVABj79w448.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVABj79w448,"The video opens with a character in a long, dark coat standing confidently in what appears to be an old-fashioned room filled with various objects and machinery. The scene transitions to another character singing passionately into a microphone against a backdrop of red lighting, suggesting a performance or concert setting. A poster for 'Lorna VU' is shown next, indicating the presence of music or entertainment. Following this, there's a close-up shot of a vinyl record spinning on a turntable, hinting at a connection between music and storytelling. The final frames depict characters dressed in period clothing performing on stage, engaging with an audience that includes children, implying a family-friendly event. Throughout these scenes, text overlays such as 'Down, down, down The Road.' suggest themes of journey or adventure.",dark coat character old-fashioned room music,39
490,163,lVABj79w448.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVABj79w448,"The video opens with a character in a long, dark coat standing confidently in what appears to be an old-fashioned room filled with various objects and machinery. The scene transitions to another character singing passionately into a microphone against a backdrop of red lighting, suggesting a performance or concert setting. A poster for 'Lorna VU' is shown next, indicating the presence of music or entertainment. Following this, there's a close-up shot of a vinyl record spinning on a turntable, hinting at a connection between music and storytelling. The final frames depict characters dressed in period clothing performing on stage, engaging with an audience that includes children, implying a family-friendly event. Throughout these scenes, text overlays such as 'Down, down, down The Road.' suggest themes of journey or adventure.",Lorna VU poster red lighting singer,39
491,163,lVABj79w448.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVABj79w448,"The video opens with a character in a long, dark coat standing confidently in what appears to be an old-fashioned room filled with various objects and machinery. The scene transitions to another character singing passionately into a microphone against a backdrop of red lighting, suggesting a performance or concert setting. A poster for 'Lorna VU' is shown next, indicating the presence of music or entertainment. Following this, there's a close-up shot of a vinyl record spinning on a turntable, hinting at a connection between music and storytelling. The final frames depict characters dressed in period clothing performing on stage, engaging with an audience that includes children, implying a family-friendly event. Throughout these scenes, text overlays such as 'Down, down, down The Road.' suggest themes of journey or adventure.",period costume stage performance with children,39
492,164,u19-38tJQCA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u19-38tJQCA,"The video opens with a medium shot of an individual in a red shirt, standing against a backdrop that suggests a workshop or lab environment. The scene quickly transitions to a close-up of the same person's face as they are being thrown into the air by what appears to be a powerful force. This is followed by another close-up showing the back of their head and shoulders, where money seems to be falling around them. The next frame shows a close-up of a character wearing a helmet with glowing orange eyes, indicating some form of advanced technology or power source. The final frames depict a high-speed chase through a cityscape at night, showcasing fast-paced action sequences involving vehicles and characters in motion.",Red shirt lab scene,20
493,164,u19-38tJQCA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u19-38tJQCA,"The video opens with a medium shot of an individual in a red shirt, standing against a backdrop that suggests a workshop or lab environment. The scene quickly transitions to a close-up of the same person's face as they are being thrown into the air by what appears to be a powerful force. This is followed by another close-up showing the back of their head and shoulders, where money seems to be falling around them. The next frame shows a close-up of a character wearing a helmet with glowing orange eyes, indicating some form of advanced technology or power source. The final frames depict a high-speed chase through a cityscape at night, showcasing fast-paced action sequences involving vehicles and characters in motion.",Helmet glowing orange eyes chase,20
494,164,u19-38tJQCA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u19-38tJQCA,"The video opens with a medium shot of an individual in a red shirt, standing against a backdrop that suggests a workshop or lab environment. The scene quickly transitions to a close-up of the same person's face as they are being thrown into the air by what appears to be a powerful force. This is followed by another close-up showing the back of their head and shoulders, where money seems to be falling around them. The next frame shows a close-up of a character wearing a helmet with glowing orange eyes, indicating some form of advanced technology or power source. The final frames depict a high-speed chase through a cityscape at night, showcasing fast-paced action sequences involving vehicles and characters in motion.",Night city high‑speed chase,20
495,165,M50ip2xU80c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M50ip2xU80c,"The video features a man in a dark suit and tie, walking confidently towards the camera. He is wearing sunglasses and has his hands behind his back initially but then places them on the hood of a red car as he approaches it. The setting appears to be an outdoor event with greenery and other attendees visible in the background. There's a sign that reads 'THUNDER' suggesting this might be related to a film or media event. As he walks past the camera, another individual can be seen standing nearby. The lighting suggests daytime with clear skies.",dark suit man on red car,8
496,165,M50ip2xU80c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M50ip2xU80c,"The video features a man in a dark suit and tie, walking confidently towards the camera. He is wearing sunglasses and has his hands behind his back initially but then places them on the hood of a red car as he approaches it. The setting appears to be an outdoor event with greenery and other attendees visible in the background. There's a sign that reads 'THUNDER' suggesting this might be related to a film or media event. As he walks past the camera, another individual can be seen standing nearby. The lighting suggests daytime with clear skies.",businessman with sunglasses at outdoor event,8
497,165,M50ip2xU80c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M50ip2xU80c,"The video features a man in a dark suit and tie, walking confidently towards the camera. He is wearing sunglasses and has his hands behind his back initially but then places them on the hood of a red car as he approaches it. The setting appears to be an outdoor event with greenery and other attendees visible in the background. There's a sign that reads 'THUNDER' suggesting this might be related to a film or media event. As he walks past the camera, another individual can be seen standing nearby. The lighting suggests daytime with clear skies.",THUNDER event red car scene,8
498,166,f3jP5zH3TB4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3jP5zH3TB4,"The video clip opens with a medium shot in an indoor setting, showing two characters engaged in conversation. The environment is modern and well-lit, suggesting a professional or corporate atmosphere. A character walks away from the camera towards another room filled with various objects like books and electronic devices on shelves. Cut to a close-up of a superhero's feet walking barefoot on pavement; they wear red boots with straps around their ankles. Next, we see a wide shot of a flying vehicle soaring through the sky against a backdrop of clouds and blue skies. Finally, there are quick cuts between scenes featuring different superheroes engaging in action-packed sequences outdoors amidst vibrant pink cherry blossom trees under clear skies.",superhero barefoot feet red boots,16
499,166,f3jP5zH3TB4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3jP5zH3TB4,"The video clip opens with a medium shot in an indoor setting, showing two characters engaged in conversation. The environment is modern and well-lit, suggesting a professional or corporate atmosphere. A character walks away from the camera towards another room filled with various objects like books and electronic devices on shelves. Cut to a close-up of a superhero's feet walking barefoot on pavement; they wear red boots with straps around their ankles. Next, we see a wide shot of a flying vehicle soaring through the sky against a backdrop of clouds and blue skies. Finally, there are quick cuts between scenes featuring different superheroes engaging in action-packed sequences outdoors amidst vibrant pink cherry blossom trees under clear skies.",flying vehicle soaring over blue skies,16
500,166,f3jP5zH3TB4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3jP5zH3TB4,"The video clip opens with a medium shot in an indoor setting, showing two characters engaged in conversation. The environment is modern and well-lit, suggesting a professional or corporate atmosphere. A character walks away from the camera towards another room filled with various objects like books and electronic devices on shelves. Cut to a close-up of a superhero's feet walking barefoot on pavement; they wear red boots with straps around their ankles. Next, we see a wide shot of a flying vehicle soaring through the sky against a backdrop of clouds and blue skies. Finally, there are quick cuts between scenes featuring different superheroes engaging in action-packed sequences outdoors amidst vibrant pink cherry blossom trees under clear skies.",superheroes action scenes with cherry blossom trees,16
501,167,oc9pXzrvKGk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc9pXzrvKGk,"The video features a character dressed in a blue and red suit with white gloves, resembling Spider-Man. The first frame shows the character standing on a rooftop against an urban backdrop at dusk or dawn. In the second frame, he is seen swinging through the city streets using webbing from his wrists. The third frame captures him mid-air, leaping between buildings while maintaining control of his webbing. The fourth frame depicts him hanging upside down from a building's edge, suggesting agility and skill. The final frame presents a promotional image for 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man' by Disney+, featuring vibrant colors and dynamic action poses.",spider-man rooftop web swing,16
502,167,oc9pXzrvKGk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc9pXzrvKGk,"The video features a character dressed in a blue and red suit with white gloves, resembling Spider-Man. The first frame shows the character standing on a rooftop against an urban backdrop at dusk or dawn. In the second frame, he is seen swinging through the city streets using webbing from his wrists. The third frame captures him mid-air, leaping between buildings while maintaining control of his webbing. The fourth frame depicts him hanging upside down from a building's edge, suggesting agility and skill. The final frame presents a promotional image for 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man' by Disney+, featuring vibrant colors and dynamic action poses.",spider-man upside down building edge,16
503,167,oc9pXzrvKGk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc9pXzrvKGk,"The video features a character dressed in a blue and red suit with white gloves, resembling Spider-Man. The first frame shows the character standing on a rooftop against an urban backdrop at dusk or dawn. In the second frame, he is seen swinging through the city streets using webbing from his wrists. The third frame captures him mid-air, leaping between buildings while maintaining control of his webbing. The fourth frame depicts him hanging upside down from a building's edge, suggesting agility and skill. The final frame presents a promotional image for 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man' by Disney+, featuring vibrant colors and dynamic action poses.",spider-man your friendly neighborhood promo,16
504,168,v-X3BPvh6iw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-X3BPvh6iw,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a black shirt, followed by a scene showing multiple people playing violins and cellos. The next frame shows a person holding a gun, then transitions to another shot where the same person is seen from behind. A motorcycle speeds through a desert landscape, suggesting action or adventure. Following this, there's a split-screen view: on one side, a group of individuals running down a city street; on the other, musicians are performing inside what appears to be a recording studio. The final frames depict intense action sequences involving explosions and characters in combat attire amidst urban environments. Throughout these scenes, text overlays provide context about the music being played and its connection to the film 'Thor: Ragnarok'.",black shirt musician gun scene,33
505,168,v-X3BPvh6iw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-X3BPvh6iw,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a black shirt, followed by a scene showing multiple people playing violins and cellos. The next frame shows a person holding a gun, then transitions to another shot where the same person is seen from behind. A motorcycle speeds through a desert landscape, suggesting action or adventure. Following this, there's a split-screen view: on one side, a group of individuals running down a city street; on the other, musicians are performing inside what appears to be a recording studio. The final frames depict intense action sequences involving explosions and characters in combat attire amidst urban environments. Throughout these scenes, text overlays provide context about the music being played and its connection to the film 'Thor: Ragnarok'.",motorcycle desert chase split-screen city studio,33
506,168,v-X3BPvh6iw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-X3BPvh6iw,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a black shirt, followed by a scene showing multiple people playing violins and cellos. The next frame shows a person holding a gun, then transitions to another shot where the same person is seen from behind. A motorcycle speeds through a desert landscape, suggesting action or adventure. Following this, there's a split-screen view: on one side, a group of individuals running down a city street; on the other, musicians are performing inside what appears to be a recording studio. The final frames depict intense action sequences involving explosions and characters in combat attire amidst urban environments. Throughout these scenes, text overlays provide context about the music being played and its connection to the film 'Thor: Ragnarok'.",Thor Ragnarok action with explosions and combat,33
507,169,QQb2ORZP8CQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQb2ORZP8CQ,"The video clip opens with a wide shot of two characters standing on a ship, looking out at the ocean. The scene transitions to an intense close-up of a character's hand being crushed by a boot, emphasizing pain and destruction. This is followed by a title card reading 'IN IMAX' against a fiery background, suggesting high impact visuals in the movie. Next, we see a muscular man running through what appears to be a battlefield or chaos zone filled with debris and fire, indicating action-packed scenes. Finally, there's another title card that reads 'CAPTAIN AMERICA BRAVE NEW WORLD,' which suggests themes of heroism and change within the narrative. Throughout these frames, colors are vibrant but contrasted sharply for dramatic effect; blues dominate the sky shots while reds and oranges punctuate the fiery imagery.",Captain America Brave New World ship opening,16
508,169,QQb2ORZP8CQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQb2ORZP8CQ,"The video clip opens with a wide shot of two characters standing on a ship, looking out at the ocean. The scene transitions to an intense close-up of a character's hand being crushed by a boot, emphasizing pain and destruction. This is followed by a title card reading 'IN IMAX' against a fiery background, suggesting high impact visuals in the movie. Next, we see a muscular man running through what appears to be a battlefield or chaos zone filled with debris and fire, indicating action-packed scenes. Finally, there's another title card that reads 'CAPTAIN AMERICA BRAVE NEW WORLD,' which suggests themes of heroism and change within the narrative. Throughout these frames, colors are vibrant but contrasted sharply for dramatic effect; blues dominate the sky shots while reds and oranges punctuate the fiery imagery.",IMAX hand crushed by boot battlefield scene,16
509,169,QQb2ORZP8CQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQb2ORZP8CQ,"The video clip opens with a wide shot of two characters standing on a ship, looking out at the ocean. The scene transitions to an intense close-up of a character's hand being crushed by a boot, emphasizing pain and destruction. This is followed by a title card reading 'IN IMAX' against a fiery background, suggesting high impact visuals in the movie. Next, we see a muscular man running through what appears to be a battlefield or chaos zone filled with debris and fire, indicating action-packed scenes. Finally, there's another title card that reads 'CAPTAIN AMERICA BRAVE NEW WORLD,' which suggests themes of heroism and change within the narrative. Throughout these frames, colors are vibrant but contrasted sharply for dramatic effect; blues dominate the sky shots while reds and oranges punctuate the fiery imagery.",muscular man running through fiery battlefield,16
510,170,9BtL8e9XTyU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BtL8e9XTyU,"The video features a conversation between two characters, one in a dark jacket and the other in a light-colored shirt. The setting appears to be an industrial or warehouse environment with metal structures visible in the background. The lighting is naturalistic, suggesting daytime. Throughout the clip, text overlays appear on screen, providing context for their dialogue. Key phrases include 'You don't have to trust,' 'But I'mma see if they're right,' 'cause I have a feeling they might be,' 'a part of the BIG THREE,' 'that's what,' 'ALIENS & WIZARDS,' 'So it's not,' 'Every time we fight,' 'we fight about Gandalf?' 'in 1937,' 'when it came out,' 'SO! NO!' 'There are Doctor STRANGE,' 'Doctor STRANGE is a sorcerer,' 'is a wizard without a hat,' 'I'm right. I just... I just came up with that,' 'These guys aren't magical,' 'They use BRUTE FORCE,' 'THE INCREDIBLY ANNOYING GUY.'","warehouse dialogue about aliens, wizards, and Doctor Strange",49
511,170,9BtL8e9XTyU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BtL8e9XTyU,"The video features a conversation between two characters, one in a dark jacket and the other in a light-colored shirt. The setting appears to be an industrial or warehouse environment with metal structures visible in the background. The lighting is naturalistic, suggesting daytime. Throughout the clip, text overlays appear on screen, providing context for their dialogue. Key phrases include 'You don't have to trust,' 'But I'mma see if they're right,' 'cause I have a feeling they might be,' 'a part of the BIG THREE,' 'that's what,' 'ALIENS & WIZARDS,' 'So it's not,' 'Every time we fight,' 'we fight about Gandalf?' 'in 1937,' 'when it came out,' 'SO! NO!' 'There are Doctor STRANGE,' 'Doctor STRANGE is a sorcerer,' 'is a wizard without a hat,' 'I'm right. I just... I just came up with that,' 'These guys aren't magical,' 'They use BRUTE FORCE,' 'THE INCREDIBLY ANNOYING GUY.'",industrial setting debate: Gandalf versus brute force,49
512,170,9BtL8e9XTyU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BtL8e9XTyU,"The video features a conversation between two characters, one in a dark jacket and the other in a light-colored shirt. The setting appears to be an industrial or warehouse environment with metal structures visible in the background. The lighting is naturalistic, suggesting daytime. Throughout the clip, text overlays appear on screen, providing context for their dialogue. Key phrases include 'You don't have to trust,' 'But I'mma see if they're right,' 'cause I have a feeling they might be,' 'a part of the BIG THREE,' 'that's what,' 'ALIENS & WIZARDS,' 'So it's not,' 'Every time we fight,' 'we fight about Gandalf?' 'in 1937,' 'when it came out,' 'SO! NO!' 'There are Doctor STRANGE,' 'Doctor STRANGE is a sorcerer,' 'is a wizard without a hat,' 'I'm right. I just... I just came up with that,' 'These guys aren't magical,' 'They use BRUTE FORCE,' 'THE INCREDIBLY ANNOYING GUY.'",characters discuss BIG THREE and magic vs. brute force in daytime warehouse,49
513,171,4MgXPX2OEOU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MgXPX2OEOU,"The video clip opens with a close-up of Spider-Man's face, transitioning to an exterior shot where he is seen in his iconic red and blue suit. The scene shifts to a cityscape at night, showcasing the character flying through the air amidst skyscrapers illuminated by neon lights. A dynamic sequence follows as Spider-Man leaps across buildings, emphasizing his agility and speed. He then engages in combat against Venom, who appears menacingly armored. The final frame displays 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man' alongside images from various movies featuring Spider-Man characters, highlighting their diverse roles and adventures.",Spider-Man flying over neon city night,31
514,171,4MgXPX2OEOU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MgXPX2OEOU,"The video clip opens with a close-up of Spider-Man's face, transitioning to an exterior shot where he is seen in his iconic red and blue suit. The scene shifts to a cityscape at night, showcasing the character flying through the air amidst skyscrapers illuminated by neon lights. A dynamic sequence follows as Spider-Man leaps across buildings, emphasizing his agility and speed. He then engages in combat against Venom, who appears menacingly armored. The final frame displays 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man' alongside images from various movies featuring Spider-Man characters, highlighting their diverse roles and adventures.",Spider-Man versus Venom combat,31
515,171,4MgXPX2OEOU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MgXPX2OEOU,"The video clip opens with a close-up of Spider-Man's face, transitioning to an exterior shot where he is seen in his iconic red and blue suit. The scene shifts to a cityscape at night, showcasing the character flying through the air amidst skyscrapers illuminated by neon lights. A dynamic sequence follows as Spider-Man leaps across buildings, emphasizing his agility and speed. He then engages in combat against Venom, who appears menacingly armored. The final frame displays 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man' alongside images from various movies featuring Spider-Man characters, highlighting their diverse roles and adventures.",Spider-Man night cityscape chase,31
516,172,15pMbih1kjU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15pMbih1kjU,"The video features a person in a tan blazer pouring red wine into glasses. The setting appears to be indoors, possibly at an event or gathering with warm lighting and soft shadows suggesting it's evening time. There are other individuals present, some holding their own glasses of wine. The environment has a cozy ambiance with what seems like wooden furniture and ambient lighting that gives off a homely feel. The focus is on the act of serving wine, which indicates a social or celebratory occasion. The colors are rich and warm, dominated by the deep reds of the wine against the neutral tones of the attire and background.",tan blazer pouring red wine,17
517,172,15pMbih1kjU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15pMbih1kjU,"The video features a person in a tan blazer pouring red wine into glasses. The setting appears to be indoors, possibly at an event or gathering with warm lighting and soft shadows suggesting it's evening time. There are other individuals present, some holding their own glasses of wine. The environment has a cozy ambiance with what seems like wooden furniture and ambient lighting that gives off a homely feel. The focus is on the act of serving wine, which indicates a social or celebratory occasion. The colors are rich and warm, dominated by the deep reds of the wine against the neutral tones of the attire and background.",wine service at cozy evening gathering,17
518,172,15pMbih1kjU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15pMbih1kjU,"The video features a person in a tan blazer pouring red wine into glasses. The setting appears to be indoors, possibly at an event or gathering with warm lighting and soft shadows suggesting it's evening time. There are other individuals present, some holding their own glasses of wine. The environment has a cozy ambiance with what seems like wooden furniture and ambient lighting that gives off a homely feel. The focus is on the act of serving wine, which indicates a social or celebratory occasion. The colors are rich and warm, dominated by the deep reds of the wine against the neutral tones of the attire and background.",red wine pouring at social event,17
519,173,BId1AMHzItQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BId1AMHzItQ,"The video clip appears to be a promotional piece for the movie 'Deadpool and Wolverine'. It starts with two characters, Deadpool in his iconic red suit and Wolverine in his yellow and blue costume, walking down a city street. The environment is urban with buildings and signs visible. Next, we see a man in a green jacket conversing with another character in an elevator, suggesting a tense or serious conversation. Following this, there's a scene showing multiple television screens displaying images of Deadpool, indicating surveillance or monitoring. Another shot shows a woman working at a desk while the man in the green jacket looks on, implying some form of control or oversight over the situation. Finally, the text 'SEE IT IN THEATERS' suggests that the movie will be available for viewing in theaters soon.",Deadpool and Wolverine promotional trailer,19
520,173,BId1AMHzItQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BId1AMHzItQ,"The video clip appears to be a promotional piece for the movie 'Deadpool and Wolverine'. It starts with two characters, Deadpool in his iconic red suit and Wolverine in his yellow and blue costume, walking down a city street. The environment is urban with buildings and signs visible. Next, we see a man in a green jacket conversing with another character in an elevator, suggesting a tense or serious conversation. Following this, there's a scene showing multiple television screens displaying images of Deadpool, indicating surveillance or monitoring. Another shot shows a woman working at a desk while the man in the green jacket looks on, implying some form of control or oversight over the situation. Finally, the text 'SEE IT IN THEATERS' suggests that the movie will be available for viewing in theaters soon.",Deadpool and Wolverine city street walk,19
521,173,BId1AMHzItQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BId1AMHzItQ,"The video clip appears to be a promotional piece for the movie 'Deadpool and Wolverine'. It starts with two characters, Deadpool in his iconic red suit and Wolverine in his yellow and blue costume, walking down a city street. The environment is urban with buildings and signs visible. Next, we see a man in a green jacket conversing with another character in an elevator, suggesting a tense or serious conversation. Following this, there's a scene showing multiple television screens displaying images of Deadpool, indicating surveillance or monitoring. Another shot shows a woman working at a desk while the man in the green jacket looks on, implying some form of control or oversight over the situation. Finally, the text 'SEE IT IN THEATERS' suggests that the movie will be available for viewing in theaters soon.",Deadpool and Wolverine elevator conversation,19
522,174,KNY_IlWKNAg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNY_IlWKNAg,"The video clip appears to be from a movie trailer, featuring close-up and medium shots of characters in various settings. The first frame shows an individual with glasses looking down, possibly reflecting on the situation at hand. The second frame is darker, showing another character's face partially obscured by shadow, suggesting tension or secrecy. In the third frame, we see two individuals engaged in what seems like a confrontation; one holds a gun pointed towards the other. The fourth frame depicts a person walking confidently through a cityscape during daylight hours, indicating a sense of purpose or determination. The final frames show chaotic action scenes involving multiple characters in dimly lit environments filled with smoke or dust, implying danger or conflict.",gun confrontation movie trailer,17
523,174,KNY_IlWKNAg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNY_IlWKNAg,"The video clip appears to be from a movie trailer, featuring close-up and medium shots of characters in various settings. The first frame shows an individual with glasses looking down, possibly reflecting on the situation at hand. The second frame is darker, showing another character's face partially obscured by shadow, suggesting tension or secrecy. In the third frame, we see two individuals engaged in what seems like a confrontation; one holds a gun pointed towards the other. The fourth frame depicts a person walking confidently through a cityscape during daylight hours, indicating a sense of purpose or determination. The final frames show chaotic action scenes involving multiple characters in dimly lit environments filled with smoke or dust, implying danger or conflict.",glasses looking down film trailer,17
524,174,KNY_IlWKNAg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNY_IlWKNAg,"The video clip appears to be from a movie trailer, featuring close-up and medium shots of characters in various settings. The first frame shows an individual with glasses looking down, possibly reflecting on the situation at hand. The second frame is darker, showing another character's face partially obscured by shadow, suggesting tension or secrecy. In the third frame, we see two individuals engaged in what seems like a confrontation; one holds a gun pointed towards the other. The fourth frame depicts a person walking confidently through a cityscape during daylight hours, indicating a sense of purpose or determination. The final frames show chaotic action scenes involving multiple characters in dimly lit environments filled with smoke or dust, implying danger or conflict.",daylight cityscape confident walk action scene,17
525,175,cGTGSDcUgbc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGTGSDcUgbc,"The video features a character resembling Groot, with a textured brown bark-like skin and green eyes. The first frame shows the character in an indoor setting, possibly a spaceship or laboratory, surrounded by other characters including one holding a gun. In the second frame, the character is seen from behind, looking at another individual who appears to be speaking. The third frame captures the character's face close-up as they speak directly to someone off-camera. The fourth frame depicts the character amidst chaos outdoors, engaging in combat with others. Finally, the fifth frame presents the character standing alone against a dark background, seemingly addressing someone off-screen. Throughout these frames, text overlays appear indicating dialogue such as 'I AM GROOT!' and 'GROOOOT!'.",Groot-like character spaceship lab with gun,31
526,175,cGTGSDcUgbc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGTGSDcUgbc,"The video features a character resembling Groot, with a textured brown bark-like skin and green eyes. The first frame shows the character in an indoor setting, possibly a spaceship or laboratory, surrounded by other characters including one holding a gun. In the second frame, the character is seen from behind, looking at another individual who appears to be speaking. The third frame captures the character's face close-up as they speak directly to someone off-camera. The fourth frame depicts the character amidst chaos outdoors, engaging in combat with others. Finally, the fifth frame presents the character standing alone against a dark background, seemingly addressing someone off-screen. Throughout these frames, text overlays appear indicating dialogue such as 'I AM GROOT!' and 'GROOOOT!'.",Groot combat scene outdoors,31
527,175,cGTGSDcUgbc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGTGSDcUgbc,"The video features a character resembling Groot, with a textured brown bark-like skin and green eyes. The first frame shows the character in an indoor setting, possibly a spaceship or laboratory, surrounded by other characters including one holding a gun. In the second frame, the character is seen from behind, looking at another individual who appears to be speaking. The third frame captures the character's face close-up as they speak directly to someone off-camera. The fourth frame depicts the character amidst chaos outdoors, engaging in combat with others. Finally, the fifth frame presents the character standing alone against a dark background, seemingly addressing someone off-screen. Throughout these frames, text overlays appear indicating dialogue such as 'I AM GROOT!' and 'GROOOOT!'.",I AM GROOT dialogue,31
528,176,9ysaQ1y7lgs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ysaQ1y7lgs,"The video opens with a medium shot of two men in suits, one holding a newspaper. The scene shifts to an outdoor night setting where individuals are gathered around a large screen displaying 'Happy New Year.' A close-up follows as the man in sunglasses looks contemplative. Cut to another indoor scene showing a group of people standing together. Next is a wide shot of a city street at night; then, we see a person walking through what appears to be a subway station. Following this, there's a quick cut to a dimly lit room where someone is being restrained by others. Another frame shows a character dressed in dark clothing and mask against a fiery background. Subsequently, there's a medium shot inside a vehicle during daytime. Finally, the clip ends with a title card for 'Marvel Television Daredevil' on March 4th.",Marvel Television Daredevil title card,31
529,176,9ysaQ1y7lgs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ysaQ1y7lgs,"The video opens with a medium shot of two men in suits, one holding a newspaper. The scene shifts to an outdoor night setting where individuals are gathered around a large screen displaying 'Happy New Year.' A close-up follows as the man in sunglasses looks contemplative. Cut to another indoor scene showing a group of people standing together. Next is a wide shot of a city street at night; then, we see a person walking through what appears to be a subway station. Following this, there's a quick cut to a dimly lit room where someone is being restrained by others. Another frame shows a character dressed in dark clothing and mask against a fiery background. Subsequently, there's a medium shot inside a vehicle during daytime. Finally, the clip ends with a title card for 'Marvel Television Daredevil' on March 4th.",dark mask character against fire background,31
530,176,9ysaQ1y7lgs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ysaQ1y7lgs,"The video opens with a medium shot of two men in suits, one holding a newspaper. The scene shifts to an outdoor night setting where individuals are gathered around a large screen displaying 'Happy New Year.' A close-up follows as the man in sunglasses looks contemplative. Cut to another indoor scene showing a group of people standing together. Next is a wide shot of a city street at night; then, we see a person walking through what appears to be a subway station. Following this, there's a quick cut to a dimly lit room where someone is being restrained by others. Another frame shows a character dressed in dark clothing and mask against a fiery background. Subsequently, there's a medium shot inside a vehicle during daytime. Finally, the clip ends with a title card for 'Marvel Television Daredevil' on March 4th.",men in suits holding newspaper,31
531,177,CF4PBbU97k0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CF4PBbU97k0,"The video features a character in various settings, including an indoor room with dim lighting and a cityscape backdrop. The character is dressed in dark attire with intricate designs, suggesting a formal or ceremonial role. In one scene, the character stands confidently against a blue-toned background, holding what appears to be a staff or scepter emitting light. Another frame shows the character standing outdoors at night under a cloudy sky, wearing a coat that suggests a more casual or utilitarian style compared to the previous scenes. There's also a moment where the character is seen from behind, walking through what looks like a grand hall adorned with ornate decorations and banners hanging on pillars. Throughout these frames, text overlays indicate dialogue about fixing something related to 'the him in question'.",dark ceremonial attire character with glowing staff,26
532,177,CF4PBbU97k0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CF4PBbU97k0,"The video features a character in various settings, including an indoor room with dim lighting and a cityscape backdrop. The character is dressed in dark attire with intricate designs, suggesting a formal or ceremonial role. In one scene, the character stands confidently against a blue-toned background, holding what appears to be a staff or scepter emitting light. Another frame shows the character standing outdoors at night under a cloudy sky, wearing a coat that suggests a more casual or utilitarian style compared to the previous scenes. There's also a moment where the character is seen from behind, walking through what looks like a grand hall adorned with ornate decorations and banners hanging on pillars. Throughout these frames, text overlays indicate dialogue about fixing something related to 'the him in question'.",character walking through grand hall with banners,26
533,177,CF4PBbU97k0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CF4PBbU97k0,"The video features a character in various settings, including an indoor room with dim lighting and a cityscape backdrop. The character is dressed in dark attire with intricate designs, suggesting a formal or ceremonial role. In one scene, the character stands confidently against a blue-toned background, holding what appears to be a staff or scepter emitting light. Another frame shows the character standing outdoors at night under a cloudy sky, wearing a coat that suggests a more casual or utilitarian style compared to the previous scenes. There's also a moment where the character is seen from behind, walking through what looks like a grand hall adorned with ornate decorations and banners hanging on pillars. Throughout these frames, text overlays indicate dialogue about fixing something related to 'the him in question'.",character at night fixing something for him,26
534,178,iRuAombxx-c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRuAombxx-c,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in red armor, followed by another character's face showing concern. The scene shifts to an intense battle where characters clash amidst fiery explosions and energy blasts. A character is seen from behind, then the focus moves to a character with glowing eyes and mechanical features. Text overlays appear throughout, narrating events like 'I see you...' and 'This is where your story ends.' The narrative continues with scenes of characters fighting against dark figures, emphasizing their determination and readiness for combat. There are also moments of introspection as characters contemplate their actions or thoughts. The final frames show promotional text for 'What If?' Season 3, indicating that all episodes will be available on streaming platforms.",red armor battle,58
535,178,iRuAombxx-c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRuAombxx-c,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in red armor, followed by another character's face showing concern. The scene shifts to an intense battle where characters clash amidst fiery explosions and energy blasts. A character is seen from behind, then the focus moves to a character with glowing eyes and mechanical features. Text overlays appear throughout, narrating events like 'I see you...' and 'This is where your story ends.' The narrative continues with scenes of characters fighting against dark figures, emphasizing their determination and readiness for combat. There are also moments of introspection as characters contemplate their actions or thoughts. The final frames show promotional text for 'What If?' Season 3, indicating that all episodes will be available on streaming platforms.",glowing eyes mechanical fighter,58
536,178,iRuAombxx-c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRuAombxx-c,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in red armor, followed by another character's face showing concern. The scene shifts to an intense battle where characters clash amidst fiery explosions and energy blasts. A character is seen from behind, then the focus moves to a character with glowing eyes and mechanical features. Text overlays appear throughout, narrating events like 'I see you...' and 'This is where your story ends.' The narrative continues with scenes of characters fighting against dark figures, emphasizing their determination and readiness for combat. There are also moments of introspection as characters contemplate their actions or thoughts. The final frames show promotional text for 'What If?' Season 3, indicating that all episodes will be available on streaming platforms.",What If Season 3 promo,58
537,179,ghG-g6uty98.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghG-g6uty98,"The video features a person in a dark blue shirt sitting at a desk, working on digital art using a tablet. The environment is dimly lit with bookshelves and comic books visible in the background, suggesting an office or study setting. Initially, the artist sketches a character's head and upper body on a white canvas within a graphic design software interface. They use various tools to outline and add details like hair texture, facial features, glasses, and clothing folds. The scene transitions between close-ups of the drawing process and wider shots showing the artist focused on their work. As the video progresses, the artist continues refining the sketch by adding more details such as shading and depth to create a three-dimensional effect. The final frames show the completed artwork displayed prominently against a backdrop featuring Spider-Man characters from 'Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man' alongside Disney+.",digital art spider-man character sketch,47
538,179,ghG-g6uty98.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghG-g6uty98,"The video features a person in a dark blue shirt sitting at a desk, working on digital art using a tablet. The environment is dimly lit with bookshelves and comic books visible in the background, suggesting an office or study setting. Initially, the artist sketches a character's head and upper body on a white canvas within a graphic design software interface. They use various tools to outline and add details like hair texture, facial features, glasses, and clothing folds. The scene transitions between close-ups of the drawing process and wider shots showing the artist focused on their work. As the video progresses, the artist continues refining the sketch by adding more details such as shading and depth to create a three-dimensional effect. The final frames show the completed artwork displayed prominently against a backdrop featuring Spider-Man characters from 'Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man' alongside Disney+.",3d shading spider-man illustration,47
539,179,ghG-g6uty98.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghG-g6uty98,"The video features a person in a dark blue shirt sitting at a desk, working on digital art using a tablet. The environment is dimly lit with bookshelves and comic books visible in the background, suggesting an office or study setting. Initially, the artist sketches a character's head and upper body on a white canvas within a graphic design software interface. They use various tools to outline and add details like hair texture, facial features, glasses, and clothing folds. The scene transitions between close-ups of the drawing process and wider shots showing the artist focused on their work. As the video progresses, the artist continues refining the sketch by adding more details such as shading and depth to create a three-dimensional effect. The final frames show the completed artwork displayed prominently against a backdrop featuring Spider-Man characters from 'Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man' alongside Disney+.",artist uses tablet to draw spider-man,47
540,180,jEmhOWwfYjA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEmhOWwfYjA,"The video opens with a group of performers dressed in dark, hooded robes walking on stage under purple lighting. The text 'The cast of Agatha All Along performs the Ballad of the Witch's Road at D23' is displayed prominently. As they approach the center, smoke fills the stage area, creating an ethereal atmosphere. The audience watches intently as the performers begin to sing and dance energetically amidst the foggy backdrop. They are joined by additional members wearing similar attire but with different colors—purple, blue, red, and black—and perform synchronized movements that include raising their arms and gesturing dramatically. The background features a large screen displaying abstract visuals, enhancing the theatrical effect. The scene culminates with all performers standing together on stage, holding out their cloaks towards the audience while singing passionately.",Agatha All Along Ballad of the Witch's Road performance at D23,40
541,180,jEmhOWwfYjA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEmhOWwfYjA,"The video opens with a group of performers dressed in dark, hooded robes walking on stage under purple lighting. The text 'The cast of Agatha All Along performs the Ballad of the Witch's Road at D23' is displayed prominently. As they approach the center, smoke fills the stage area, creating an ethereal atmosphere. The audience watches intently as the performers begin to sing and dance energetically amidst the foggy backdrop. They are joined by additional members wearing similar attire but with different colors—purple, blue, red, and black—and perform synchronized movements that include raising their arms and gesturing dramatically. The background features a large screen displaying abstract visuals, enhancing the theatrical effect. The scene culminates with all performers standing together on stage, holding out their cloaks towards the audience while singing passionately.",Dark hooded robes performers on purple-lit stage with fog,40
542,180,jEmhOWwfYjA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEmhOWwfYjA,"The video opens with a group of performers dressed in dark, hooded robes walking on stage under purple lighting. The text 'The cast of Agatha All Along performs the Ballad of the Witch's Road at D23' is displayed prominently. As they approach the center, smoke fills the stage area, creating an ethereal atmosphere. The audience watches intently as the performers begin to sing and dance energetically amidst the foggy backdrop. They are joined by additional members wearing similar attire but with different colors—purple, blue, red, and black—and perform synchronized movements that include raising their arms and gesturing dramatically. The background features a large screen displaying abstract visuals, enhancing the theatrical effect. The scene culminates with all performers standing together on stage, holding out their cloaks towards the audience while singing passionately.",Agatha All Along synchronized dance and song with abstract visuals,40
543,181,8cUBv5lsDok.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cUBv5lsDok,"The video opens with a medium shot of two individuals seated at a table in what appears to be a dimly lit bar or restaurant, suggesting an intimate setting. The scene transitions to another individual standing outside during the day, indicating a shift from indoor to outdoor settings. Subsequently, we see a close-up of one person sitting alone by a window, hinting at solitude and introspection. Another cut shows this same person holding a cup, possibly drinking coffee, reinforcing the theme of reflection. The final frame returns to the initial setting where two people are engaged in conversation over drinks, implying social interaction amidst personal thoughts. Throughout these scenes, there's a consistent color palette dominated by dark tones punctuated by warm lighting that creates a moody atmosphere.",intimate bar conversation,35
544,181,8cUBv5lsDok.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cUBv5lsDok,"The video opens with a medium shot of two individuals seated at a table in what appears to be a dimly lit bar or restaurant, suggesting an intimate setting. The scene transitions to another individual standing outside during the day, indicating a shift from indoor to outdoor settings. Subsequently, we see a close-up of one person sitting alone by a window, hinting at solitude and introspection. Another cut shows this same person holding a cup, possibly drinking coffee, reinforcing the theme of reflection. The final frame returns to the initial setting where two people are engaged in conversation over drinks, implying social interaction amidst personal thoughts. Throughout these scenes, there's a consistent color palette dominated by dark tones punctuated by warm lighting that creates a moody atmosphere.",solo window coffee reflection,35
545,181,8cUBv5lsDok.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cUBv5lsDok,"The video opens with a medium shot of two individuals seated at a table in what appears to be a dimly lit bar or restaurant, suggesting an intimate setting. The scene transitions to another individual standing outside during the day, indicating a shift from indoor to outdoor settings. Subsequently, we see a close-up of one person sitting alone by a window, hinting at solitude and introspection. Another cut shows this same person holding a cup, possibly drinking coffee, reinforcing the theme of reflection. The final frame returns to the initial setting where two people are engaged in conversation over drinks, implying social interaction amidst personal thoughts. Throughout these scenes, there's a consistent color palette dominated by dark tones punctuated by warm lighting that creates a moody atmosphere.",daytime outdoor standing figure,35
546,182,HwQr7NqUNEk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwQr7NqUNEk,"The video features a series of characters in various settings, each with distinct appearances and expressions. The first character is dressed in a plaid scarf and white shirt, sitting indoors against a warm-toned background. Another character appears to be underwater or in a dark setting, holding an object that resembles a doll. A third character wears a crown-like headpiece and speaks directly to the camera. Subsequent frames show another character wearing a hooded cloak and speaking about their identity as a 'Cider' from a past generation. There's also mention of someone named 'Brooms,' who has been co-opted by industrial complex entities. The environment suggests a mix of indoor comfort and outdoor darkness, possibly indicating different times or locations within this narrative.",plaid scarf white shirt indoor warm background,31
547,182,HwQr7NqUNEk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwQr7NqUNEk,"The video features a series of characters in various settings, each with distinct appearances and expressions. The first character is dressed in a plaid scarf and white shirt, sitting indoors against a warm-toned background. Another character appears to be underwater or in a dark setting, holding an object that resembles a doll. A third character wears a crown-like headpiece and speaks directly to the camera. Subsequent frames show another character wearing a hooded cloak and speaking about their identity as a 'Cider' from a past generation. There's also mention of someone named 'Brooms,' who has been co-opted by industrial complex entities. The environment suggests a mix of indoor comfort and outdoor darkness, possibly indicating different times or locations within this narrative.",underwater doll object character,31
548,182,HwQr7NqUNEk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwQr7NqUNEk,"The video features a series of characters in various settings, each with distinct appearances and expressions. The first character is dressed in a plaid scarf and white shirt, sitting indoors against a warm-toned background. Another character appears to be underwater or in a dark setting, holding an object that resembles a doll. A third character wears a crown-like headpiece and speaks directly to the camera. Subsequent frames show another character wearing a hooded cloak and speaking about their identity as a 'Cider' from a past generation. There's also mention of someone named 'Brooms,' who has been co-opted by industrial complex entities. The environment suggests a mix of indoor comfort and outdoor darkness, possibly indicating different times or locations within this narrative.",crown headpiece speaking to camera,31
549,183,cgx8JDm-1QU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgx8JDm-1QU,"The subject is standing in front of a backdrop that reads 'THUNDERBOLTS' with the Marvel Studios logo above it. The individual is wearing an elegant, flowing yellow dress with ruffled details and a long train on one side. They have their hands placed gently by their sides. Behind them, there's another poster partially visible to the left, featuring what appears to be characters from the same movie franchise. The environment suggests this could be a promotional event or premiere for the film 'Thor: Ragnarok'. The lighting is bright, indicating daytime outdoor conditions. The color scheme consists mainly of yellows and blacks from both the subject's attire and the background signage.",Thor: Ragnarok thunderbolts poster event,4
550,183,cgx8JDm-1QU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgx8JDm-1QU,"The subject is standing in front of a backdrop that reads 'THUNDERBOLTS' with the Marvel Studios logo above it. The individual is wearing an elegant, flowing yellow dress with ruffled details and a long train on one side. They have their hands placed gently by their sides. Behind them, there's another poster partially visible to the left, featuring what appears to be characters from the same movie franchise. The environment suggests this could be a promotional event or premiere for the film 'Thor: Ragnarok'. The lighting is bright, indicating daytime outdoor conditions. The color scheme consists mainly of yellows and blacks from both the subject's attire and the background signage.",Thor Ragnarok premiere yellow dress promotional shoot,4
551,183,cgx8JDm-1QU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgx8JDm-1QU,"The subject is standing in front of a backdrop that reads 'THUNDERBOLTS' with the Marvel Studios logo above it. The individual is wearing an elegant, flowing yellow dress with ruffled details and a long train on one side. They have their hands placed gently by their sides. Behind them, there's another poster partially visible to the left, featuring what appears to be characters from the same movie franchise. The environment suggests this could be a promotional event or premiere for the film 'Thor: Ragnarok'. The lighting is bright, indicating daytime outdoor conditions. The color scheme consists mainly of yellows and blacks from both the subject's attire and the background signage.",Marvel Studios thunderbolts backdrop with Thor characters,4
552,184,StPahV7ALjk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StPahV7ALjk,"The video features a character in a blue and red suit, resembling Spider-Man, performing acrobatic jumps across various urban environments. The first frame shows the character mid-air with city buildings in the background during what appears to be dusk or dawn due to the soft lighting conditions. In the second frame, the character is seen from below as they leap off a ledge onto another building's roof. The third frame captures the character mid-jump against an illuminated skyscraper backdrop at night. The fourth frame depicts the character flying through the air above a train track, suggesting rapid movement. The final frames display promotional material for 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man' featuring characters like Peter Parker and Miles Morales alongside Disney+.",Spider-Man acrobatic city jumps,15
553,184,StPahV7ALjk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StPahV7ALjk,"The video features a character in a blue and red suit, resembling Spider-Man, performing acrobatic jumps across various urban environments. The first frame shows the character mid-air with city buildings in the background during what appears to be dusk or dawn due to the soft lighting conditions. In the second frame, the character is seen from below as they leap off a ledge onto another building's roof. The third frame captures the character mid-jump against an illuminated skyscraper backdrop at night. The fourth frame depicts the character flying through the air above a train track, suggesting rapid movement. The final frames display promotional material for 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man' featuring characters like Peter Parker and Miles Morales alongside Disney+.",Spider-Man rooftop leaping at night,15
554,184,StPahV7ALjk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StPahV7ALjk,"The video features a character in a blue and red suit, resembling Spider-Man, performing acrobatic jumps across various urban environments. The first frame shows the character mid-air with city buildings in the background during what appears to be dusk or dawn due to the soft lighting conditions. In the second frame, the character is seen from below as they leap off a ledge onto another building's roof. The third frame captures the character mid-jump against an illuminated skyscraper backdrop at night. The fourth frame depicts the character flying through the air above a train track, suggesting rapid movement. The final frames display promotional material for 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man' featuring characters like Peter Parker and Miles Morales alongside Disney+.",Spider-Man promotional Disney+,15
555,185,jrOQFErGxyM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrOQFErGxyM,"The video begins with a man in a black robe standing next to a mannequin dressed in an elaborate, dark costume. The scene transitions to the mannequin's face, showing intricate details of its design and makeup. A close-up reveals more of the costume's texture and structure. The narrative then shifts to a character wearing a similar costume, set against a mystical background with glowing elements. This is followed by another character in a different costume, depicted as if they are performing or dancing. The focus returns to the man in the robe examining the costume closely, highlighting its detailed craftsmanship. The final frames show a woman in a similar costume walking confidently through what appears to be a dimly lit environment, suggesting a sense of mystery and power associated with the attire.",black robe mannequin costume examination,34
556,185,jrOQFErGxyM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrOQFErGxyM,"The video begins with a man in a black robe standing next to a mannequin dressed in an elaborate, dark costume. The scene transitions to the mannequin's face, showing intricate details of its design and makeup. A close-up reveals more of the costume's texture and structure. The narrative then shifts to a character wearing a similar costume, set against a mystical background with glowing elements. This is followed by another character in a different costume, depicted as if they are performing or dancing. The focus returns to the man in the robe examining the costume closely, highlighting its detailed craftsmanship. The final frames show a woman in a similar costume walking confidently through what appears to be a dimly lit environment, suggesting a sense of mystery and power associated with the attire.",mystical glowing costume performer,34
557,185,jrOQFErGxyM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrOQFErGxyM,"The video begins with a man in a black robe standing next to a mannequin dressed in an elaborate, dark costume. The scene transitions to the mannequin's face, showing intricate details of its design and makeup. A close-up reveals more of the costume's texture and structure. The narrative then shifts to a character wearing a similar costume, set against a mystical background with glowing elements. This is followed by another character in a different costume, depicted as if they are performing or dancing. The focus returns to the man in the robe examining the costume closely, highlighting its detailed craftsmanship. The final frames show a woman in a similar costume walking confidently through what appears to be a dimly lit environment, suggesting a sense of mystery and power associated with the attire.",dimly lit woman wearing mysterious costume,34
558,186,wlj0Zw1S9QI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlj0Zw1S9QI,"The video features a series of medium close-up shots with text overlays indicating the context. The first frame shows an individual holding a mug, suggesting they are in a casual setting like a café or restaurant. The second and third frames show another person sitting at a table with food items, implying a social gathering. In the fourth frame, we see two individuals engaged in conversation; one is seated while the other stands, which could indicate a more relaxed atmosphere. The final frame returns to the initial individual from the first shot, now standing alone, possibly reflecting on their thoughts about Thanksgiving. Throughout these scenes, there's no significant action apart from the dialogue being exchanged between characters.",individual holding mug at café,29
559,186,wlj0Zw1S9QI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlj0Zw1S9QI,"The video features a series of medium close-up shots with text overlays indicating the context. The first frame shows an individual holding a mug, suggesting they are in a casual setting like a café or restaurant. The second and third frames show another person sitting at a table with food items, implying a social gathering. In the fourth frame, we see two individuals engaged in conversation; one is seated while the other stands, which could indicate a more relaxed atmosphere. The final frame returns to the initial individual from the first shot, now standing alone, possibly reflecting on their thoughts about Thanksgiving. Throughout these scenes, there's no significant action apart from the dialogue being exchanged between characters.",conversation over food at table,29
560,186,wlj0Zw1S9QI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlj0Zw1S9QI,"The video features a series of medium close-up shots with text overlays indicating the context. The first frame shows an individual holding a mug, suggesting they are in a casual setting like a café or restaurant. The second and third frames show another person sitting at a table with food items, implying a social gathering. In the fourth frame, we see two individuals engaged in conversation; one is seated while the other stands, which could indicate a more relaxed atmosphere. The final frame returns to the initial individual from the first shot, now standing alone, possibly reflecting on their thoughts about Thanksgiving. Throughout these scenes, there's no significant action apart from the dialogue being exchanged between characters.",Thanksgiving reflection standing alone,29
561,187,YYgsKUslJRI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYgsKUslJRI,"The video opens with a medium shot of a man in a suit and tie, sitting at a table with a coffee cup. The background is blurred but suggests an indoor setting with warm lighting. Text appears on the screen saying 'STAY IN YOUR LANE.' The scene cuts to another character wearing sunglasses, looking serious. Next, we see a close-up of someone's face against a dark backdrop, followed by a night-time cityscape where a figure stands triumphantly amidst buildings lit up for New Year celebrations. Another frame shows a person seated alone in what seems like a dimly lit room or hallway. The final frames feature bold red text stating 'THE CITY IS IN SHAMBLES' over two images side-by-side; one depicts a crowd reacting to something off-screen while the other shows a person in distress.",Man in suit with coffee 'Stay in your lane',24
562,187,YYgsKUslJRI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYgsKUslJRI,"The video opens with a medium shot of a man in a suit and tie, sitting at a table with a coffee cup. The background is blurred but suggests an indoor setting with warm lighting. Text appears on the screen saying 'STAY IN YOUR LANE.' The scene cuts to another character wearing sunglasses, looking serious. Next, we see a close-up of someone's face against a dark backdrop, followed by a night-time cityscape where a figure stands triumphantly amidst buildings lit up for New Year celebrations. Another frame shows a person seated alone in what seems like a dimly lit room or hallway. The final frames feature bold red text stating 'THE CITY IS IN SHAMBLES' over two images side-by-side; one depicts a crowd reacting to something off-screen while the other shows a person in distress.",Triumph figure at New Year cityscape,24
563,187,YYgsKUslJRI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYgsKUslJRI,"The video opens with a medium shot of a man in a suit and tie, sitting at a table with a coffee cup. The background is blurred but suggests an indoor setting with warm lighting. Text appears on the screen saying 'STAY IN YOUR LANE.' The scene cuts to another character wearing sunglasses, looking serious. Next, we see a close-up of someone's face against a dark backdrop, followed by a night-time cityscape where a figure stands triumphantly amidst buildings lit up for New Year celebrations. Another frame shows a person seated alone in what seems like a dimly lit room or hallway. The final frames feature bold red text stating 'THE CITY IS IN SHAMBLES' over two images side-by-side; one depicts a crowd reacting to something off-screen while the other shows a person in distress.",City in shambles crowd reaction,24
564,188,b0O1yxJP3OE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0O1yxJP3OE,"The video features a person wearing a gray sweater over a black shirt, standing in front of a dark background with an orange lamp visible. Another individual enters the frame from behind and begins to interact closely with the first person. This second individual has long brown hair and is dressed in a maroon top. They engage in playful or affectionate gestures towards the camera, including touching the face and shoulders of the first person. The interaction continues as they move closer together, maintaining eye contact throughout. The lighting remains consistent, highlighting the subjects against the darker backdrop.",gray sweater man with orange lamp,44
565,188,b0O1yxJP3OE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0O1yxJP3OE,"The video features a person wearing a gray sweater over a black shirt, standing in front of a dark background with an orange lamp visible. Another individual enters the frame from behind and begins to interact closely with the first person. This second individual has long brown hair and is dressed in a maroon top. They engage in playful or affectionate gestures towards the camera, including touching the face and shoulders of the first person. The interaction continues as they move closer together, maintaining eye contact throughout. The lighting remains consistent, highlighting the subjects against the darker backdrop.",maroon top woman touching man's face,44
566,188,b0O1yxJP3OE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0O1yxJP3OE,"The video features a person wearing a gray sweater over a black shirt, standing in front of a dark background with an orange lamp visible. Another individual enters the frame from behind and begins to interact closely with the first person. This second individual has long brown hair and is dressed in a maroon top. They engage in playful or affectionate gestures towards the camera, including touching the face and shoulders of the first person. The interaction continues as they move closer together, maintaining eye contact throughout. The lighting remains consistent, highlighting the subjects against the darker backdrop.",affectionate interaction in dark background,44
567,189,Ms5l0kGMjFk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ms5l0kGMjFk,"The video opens in a dimly lit room with warm lighting, where several individuals are gathered. A person is seen holding papers and a flashlight, suggesting an investigation or search for something important. The environment appears cluttered with various objects like books, papers scattered on the floor, indicating a chaotic atmosphere. As the scene progresses, more people join in, including one wearing a red shirt with white stripes, who seems to be leading the group towards a specific area of interest. The mood shifts from tense to hopeful as they approach what looks like a hidden compartment or safe space within the house. The final frames show a close-up of a character's face illuminated by a flashlight, followed by a title card that reads 'AGATHA ALONG NOW STREAMING' alongside logos for Marvel Studios and Disney+.",Agatha Along streaming investigation in dimly lit room,52
568,189,Ms5l0kGMjFk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ms5l0kGMjFk,"The video opens in a dimly lit room with warm lighting, where several individuals are gathered. A person is seen holding papers and a flashlight, suggesting an investigation or search for something important. The environment appears cluttered with various objects like books, papers scattered on the floor, indicating a chaotic atmosphere. As the scene progresses, more people join in, including one wearing a red shirt with white stripes, who seems to be leading the group towards a specific area of interest. The mood shifts from tense to hopeful as they approach what looks like a hidden compartment or safe space within the house. The final frames show a close-up of a character's face illuminated by a flashlight, followed by a title card that reads 'AGATHA ALONG NOW STREAMING' alongside logos for Marvel Studios and Disney+.",Red shirt leader flashlight search for hidden compartment,52
569,189,Ms5l0kGMjFk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ms5l0kGMjFk,"The video opens in a dimly lit room with warm lighting, where several individuals are gathered. A person is seen holding papers and a flashlight, suggesting an investigation or search for something important. The environment appears cluttered with various objects like books, papers scattered on the floor, indicating a chaotic atmosphere. As the scene progresses, more people join in, including one wearing a red shirt with white stripes, who seems to be leading the group towards a specific area of interest. The mood shifts from tense to hopeful as they approach what looks like a hidden compartment or safe space within the house. The final frames show a close-up of a character's face illuminated by a flashlight, followed by a title card that reads 'AGATHA ALONG NOW STREAMING' alongside logos for Marvel Studios and Disney+.",Marvel Studios Disney+ Agatha Along safe room reveal,52
570,190,d_knR0Eex9U.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_knR0Eex9U,"The video opens with a character in a black suit standing outdoors, then transitions to an armored figure speaking. The scene shifts to another character dressed as Thor, followed by a close-up of the same character's face. A conversation ensues between two characters; one is wearing a dark outfit and the other has long hair. They discuss their plans for the day, mentioning 'Thor' and 'God of Thunder.' The narrative continues with more dialogue about meeting someone named 'He,' who appears to be a woman in a red top. The final frames show a group discussion involving multiple individuals, including one in a blue suit and others in various costumes, indicating a team or group dynamic.",Thor costume conversation,59
571,190,d_knR0Eex9U.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_knR0Eex9U,"The video opens with a character in a black suit standing outdoors, then transitions to an armored figure speaking. The scene shifts to another character dressed as Thor, followed by a close-up of the same character's face. A conversation ensues between two characters; one is wearing a dark outfit and the other has long hair. They discuss their plans for the day, mentioning 'Thor' and 'God of Thunder.' The narrative continues with more dialogue about meeting someone named 'He,' who appears to be a woman in a red top. The final frames show a group discussion involving multiple individuals, including one in a blue suit and others in various costumes, indicating a team or group dynamic.",black suit outdoor scene,59
572,190,d_knR0Eex9U.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_knR0Eex9U,"The video opens with a character in a black suit standing outdoors, then transitions to an armored figure speaking. The scene shifts to another character dressed as Thor, followed by a close-up of the same character's face. A conversation ensues between two characters; one is wearing a dark outfit and the other has long hair. They discuss their plans for the day, mentioning 'Thor' and 'God of Thunder.' The narrative continues with more dialogue about meeting someone named 'He,' who appears to be a woman in a red top. The final frames show a group discussion involving multiple individuals, including one in a blue suit and others in various costumes, indicating a team or group dynamic.",team discussion with blue suit,59
573,191,UJFrqt9WyIU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJFrqt9WyIU,"The video opens with a view of an empty parking garage, transitioning to the entrance where a red limousine is parked. Inside, passengers are seen through the windows; one woman in white and another in black attire. The man in the suit exits the car, followed by two women dressed in elegant evening wear—one in white and the other in red. They exit the vehicle together, engaging in conversation as they walk away from the limousine towards the camera's perspective. The environment suggests a formal or celebratory occasion, possibly related to a wedding given the context provided by the voice-over.",red limousine wedding exit,58
574,191,UJFrqt9WyIU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJFrqt9WyIU,"The video opens with a view of an empty parking garage, transitioning to the entrance where a red limousine is parked. Inside, passengers are seen through the windows; one woman in white and another in black attire. The man in the suit exits the car, followed by two women dressed in elegant evening wear—one in white and the other in red. They exit the vehicle together, engaging in conversation as they walk away from the limousine towards the camera's perspective. The environment suggests a formal or celebratory occasion, possibly related to a wedding given the context provided by the voice-over.",women in white and red wedding celebration,58
575,191,UJFrqt9WyIU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJFrqt9WyIU,"The video opens with a view of an empty parking garage, transitioning to the entrance where a red limousine is parked. Inside, passengers are seen through the windows; one woman in white and another in black attire. The man in the suit exits the car, followed by two women dressed in elegant evening wear—one in white and the other in red. They exit the vehicle together, engaging in conversation as they walk away from the limousine towards the camera's perspective. The environment suggests a formal or celebratory occasion, possibly related to a wedding given the context provided by the voice-over.",formal wedding party walking out of limo,58
576,192,eHchNnbEtzY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHchNnbEtzY,"The video begins with a man in black attire walking along a sidewalk, carrying large cylindrical objects. He approaches a blue bus stop shelter adorned with an advertisement for 'Thunderbolts' from Marvel Studios. The scene is set outdoors during the day under clear skies. As he nears the shelter, he places the cylindrical objects on top of it and starts peeling off pieces of paper to reveal more text underneath. The man continues this process until all the papers are removed, exposing the full message: 'NEW AVENGERS NOW PLAYING IN THEATRES.' After completing his task, he walks away holding several sheets of paper.",Black man revealing New Avengers message at bus stop,56
577,192,eHchNnbEtzY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHchNnbEtzY,"The video begins with a man in black attire walking along a sidewalk, carrying large cylindrical objects. He approaches a blue bus stop shelter adorned with an advertisement for 'Thunderbolts' from Marvel Studios. The scene is set outdoors during the day under clear skies. As he nears the shelter, he places the cylindrical objects on top of it and starts peeling off pieces of paper to reveal more text underneath. The man continues this process until all the papers are removed, exposing the full message: 'NEW AVENGERS NOW PLAYING IN THEATRES.' After completing his task, he walks away holding several sheets of paper.",Thunderbolts bus shelter promotional reveal,56
578,192,eHchNnbEtzY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHchNnbEtzY,"The video begins with a man in black attire walking along a sidewalk, carrying large cylindrical objects. He approaches a blue bus stop shelter adorned with an advertisement for 'Thunderbolts' from Marvel Studios. The scene is set outdoors during the day under clear skies. As he nears the shelter, he places the cylindrical objects on top of it and starts peeling off pieces of paper to reveal more text underneath. The man continues this process until all the papers are removed, exposing the full message: 'NEW AVENGERS NOW PLAYING IN THEATRES.' After completing his task, he walks away holding several sheets of paper.",New Avengers theaters announcement clip,56
579,193,CbN3qLf4DeY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbN3qLf4DeY,"The video features a series of dramatic and intense scenes from the Marvel Studios film 'Thor: The Dark World'. It begins with a close-up shot of a character's face, transitioning to an action-packed scene where characters are seen in combat. There is also footage of a vehicle exploding amidst chaos. Another frame shows a character lying on the ground amidst debris, suggesting a violent confrontation or battle. A subsequent clip displays a group of characters inside what appears to be a high-tech facility or control room, indicating strategic planning or preparation for an impending event. The final frames show a character standing confidently against a backdrop that suggests a significant moment has just occurred or will occur soon. Throughout these sequences, there is a consistent use of dark tones and dynamic lighting which adds to the intensity of the scenes.",Thor Dark World combat scene,16
580,193,CbN3qLf4DeY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbN3qLf4DeY,"The video features a series of dramatic and intense scenes from the Marvel Studios film 'Thor: The Dark World'. It begins with a close-up shot of a character's face, transitioning to an action-packed scene where characters are seen in combat. There is also footage of a vehicle exploding amidst chaos. Another frame shows a character lying on the ground amidst debris, suggesting a violent confrontation or battle. A subsequent clip displays a group of characters inside what appears to be a high-tech facility or control room, indicating strategic planning or preparation for an impending event. The final frames show a character standing confidently against a backdrop that suggests a significant moment has just occurred or will occur soon. Throughout these sequences, there is a consistent use of dark tones and dynamic lighting which adds to the intensity of the scenes.",Thor Dark World vehicle explosion,16
581,193,CbN3qLf4DeY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbN3qLf4DeY,"The video features a series of dramatic and intense scenes from the Marvel Studios film 'Thor: The Dark World'. It begins with a close-up shot of a character's face, transitioning to an action-packed scene where characters are seen in combat. There is also footage of a vehicle exploding amidst chaos. Another frame shows a character lying on the ground amidst debris, suggesting a violent confrontation or battle. A subsequent clip displays a group of characters inside what appears to be a high-tech facility or control room, indicating strategic planning or preparation for an impending event. The final frames show a character standing confidently against a backdrop that suggests a significant moment has just occurred or will occur soon. Throughout these sequences, there is a consistent use of dark tones and dynamic lighting which adds to the intensity of the scenes.",Thor Dark World control room strategy,16
582,194,uWQKUMwZPTc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWQKUMwZPTc,"The video features a woman in an elegant black dress with sheer panels and embellishments, walking confidently on what appears to be a red carpet. She is surrounded by other attendees dressed formally, suggesting a high-profile event like a film premiere or awards ceremony. The setting includes grand buildings with classical architecture, indicating the location might be in Europe. It's daytime with natural light casting soft shadows around her. As she moves forward, she gestures with her hands while speaking, engaging with the crowd behind barriers. Her movements are poised and graceful, reflecting confidence and poise typical of such events.",black dress red carpet premiere,7
583,194,uWQKUMwZPTc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWQKUMwZPTc,"The video features a woman in an elegant black dress with sheer panels and embellishments, walking confidently on what appears to be a red carpet. She is surrounded by other attendees dressed formally, suggesting a high-profile event like a film premiere or awards ceremony. The setting includes grand buildings with classical architecture, indicating the location might be in Europe. It's daytime with natural light casting soft shadows around her. As she moves forward, she gestures with her hands while speaking, engaging with the crowd behind barriers. Her movements are poised and graceful, reflecting confidence and poise typical of such events.",elegant black dress awards ceremony,7
584,194,uWQKUMwZPTc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWQKUMwZPTc,"The video features a woman in an elegant black dress with sheer panels and embellishments, walking confidently on what appears to be a red carpet. She is surrounded by other attendees dressed formally, suggesting a high-profile event like a film premiere or awards ceremony. The setting includes grand buildings with classical architecture, indicating the location might be in Europe. It's daytime with natural light casting soft shadows around her. As she moves forward, she gestures with her hands while speaking, engaging with the crowd behind barriers. Her movements are poised and graceful, reflecting confidence and poise typical of such events.",European film premiere red carpet,7
585,195,gq-OG1XFRKI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq-OG1XFRKI,"The video clip opens with a night-time cityscape, transitioning to an animated character in a teal suit. The scene shifts to another character in green armor, followed by Spider-Man swinging through the air. A close-up of a masked figure's face is shown next, then a character in white and blue attire flying against a dark sky. Another character appears in red and black, holding a device. The final frame shows a group of characters from Marvel Animation Spider-Man, standing together on a rooftop under bright daylight.",marvel animation spider-man teal suit,16
586,195,gq-OG1XFRKI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq-OG1XFRKI,"The video clip opens with a night-time cityscape, transitioning to an animated character in a teal suit. The scene shifts to another character in green armor, followed by Spider-Man swinging through the air. A close-up of a masked figure's face is shown next, then a character in white and blue attire flying against a dark sky. Another character appears in red and black, holding a device. The final frame shows a group of characters from Marvel Animation Spider-Man, standing together on a rooftop under bright daylight.",spider-man swinging through the night city,16
587,195,gq-OG1XFRKI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq-OG1XFRKI,"The video clip opens with a night-time cityscape, transitioning to an animated character in a teal suit. The scene shifts to another character in green armor, followed by Spider-Man swinging through the air. A close-up of a masked figure's face is shown next, then a character in white and blue attire flying against a dark sky. Another character appears in red and black, holding a device. The final frame shows a group of characters from Marvel Animation Spider-Man, standing together on a rooftop under bright daylight.",marvel animation spider-man rooftop group,16
588,196,x44x51Utz7g.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x44x51Utz7g,"The video opens with a wide shot of an individual standing on the edge of a high building, overlooking a cityscape. The person is dressed in dark clothing and has blonde hair. As they leap off the ledge, the camera follows their descent against a backdrop of foggy urban landscape. The scene transitions to show the same figure mid-air, then cuts to another angle where we see them from below as they continue to fall towards the ground. In subsequent frames, the focus shifts to close-ups of the character's face, highlighting their determined expression amidst the falling action. The environment appears overcast, contributing to a somber mood. There are no other characters or significant objects visible except for the towering skyscraper that dominates the background.",blonde-haired person jumping off building over cityscape,27
589,196,x44x51Utz7g.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x44x51Utz7g,"The video opens with a wide shot of an individual standing on the edge of a high building, overlooking a cityscape. The person is dressed in dark clothing and has blonde hair. As they leap off the ledge, the camera follows their descent against a backdrop of foggy urban landscape. The scene transitions to show the same figure mid-air, then cuts to another angle where we see them from below as they continue to fall towards the ground. In subsequent frames, the focus shifts to close-ups of the character's face, highlighting their determined expression amidst the falling action. The environment appears overcast, contributing to a somber mood. There are no other characters or significant objects visible except for the towering skyscraper that dominates the background.",dark-clad figure falling through foggy urban backdrop,27
590,196,x44x51Utz7g.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x44x51Utz7g,"The video opens with a wide shot of an individual standing on the edge of a high building, overlooking a cityscape. The person is dressed in dark clothing and has blonde hair. As they leap off the ledge, the camera follows their descent against a backdrop of foggy urban landscape. The scene transitions to show the same figure mid-air, then cuts to another angle where we see them from below as they continue to fall towards the ground. In subsequent frames, the focus shifts to close-ups of the character's face, highlighting their determined expression amidst the falling action. The environment appears overcast, contributing to a somber mood. There are no other characters or significant objects visible except for the towering skyscraper that dominates the background.",determined expression mid-fall from skyscraper,27
591,197,y3cnsZTPCIo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3cnsZTPCIo,"The video opens with a wide shot of a suburban neighborhood at night, featuring houses and cars. The scene is dimly lit by streetlights and house lights, creating an eerie atmosphere. A group of hooded figures in dark robes appears from behind the trees on the left side of the frame, moving towards the center where two individuals are standing. One person holds what seems to be a small white dog. As they approach, their faces become obscured by shadows. Suddenly, one figure lunges forward, grabbing another individual who falls to the ground. The camera then cuts back to the initial wide shot as the hooded figures move away into the darkness. The environment remains consistent throughout, with no significant changes in lighting or setting.",hooded figures attack suburban night scene,16
592,197,y3cnsZTPCIo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3cnsZTPCIo,"The video opens with a wide shot of a suburban neighborhood at night, featuring houses and cars. The scene is dimly lit by streetlights and house lights, creating an eerie atmosphere. A group of hooded figures in dark robes appears from behind the trees on the left side of the frame, moving towards the center where two individuals are standing. One person holds what seems to be a small white dog. As they approach, their faces become obscured by shadows. Suddenly, one figure lunges forward, grabbing another individual who falls to the ground. The camera then cuts back to the initial wide shot as the hooded figures move away into the darkness. The environment remains consistent throughout, with no significant changes in lighting or setting.",white dog held by hooded figure,16
593,197,y3cnsZTPCIo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3cnsZTPCIo,"The video opens with a wide shot of a suburban neighborhood at night, featuring houses and cars. The scene is dimly lit by streetlights and house lights, creating an eerie atmosphere. A group of hooded figures in dark robes appears from behind the trees on the left side of the frame, moving towards the center where two individuals are standing. One person holds what seems to be a small white dog. As they approach, their faces become obscured by shadows. Suddenly, one figure lunges forward, grabbing another individual who falls to the ground. The camera then cuts back to the initial wide shot as the hooded figures move away into the darkness. The environment remains consistent throughout, with no significant changes in lighting or setting.",hooded robes kidnapping at suburban night,16
594,198,uJYTz1CgN14.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJYTz1CgN14,"The video opens with a man in a suit standing against an ornate background, transitioning to another character in a dark setting. The scene shifts to a dramatic shot of the Statue of Liberty from space, followed by a title card reading 'ONE SYMBOL'. A group is seen walking outdoors during sunset; one person holds a gun and looks determined. Another title card appears over a cityscape at night. The final frames show a muscular figure running through cherry blossom trees, then flying above them, suggesting action or escape. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of urgency and intensity as characters are shown in various dynamic poses.",Man in suit against ornate background,31
595,198,uJYTz1CgN14.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJYTz1CgN14,"The video opens with a man in a suit standing against an ornate background, transitioning to another character in a dark setting. The scene shifts to a dramatic shot of the Statue of Liberty from space, followed by a title card reading 'ONE SYMBOL'. A group is seen walking outdoors during sunset; one person holds a gun and looks determined. Another title card appears over a cityscape at night. The final frames show a muscular figure running through cherry blossom trees, then flying above them, suggesting action or escape. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of urgency and intensity as characters are shown in various dynamic poses.",Statue of Liberty from space with ONE SYMBOL title,31
596,198,uJYTz1CgN14.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJYTz1CgN14,"The video opens with a man in a suit standing against an ornate background, transitioning to another character in a dark setting. The scene shifts to a dramatic shot of the Statue of Liberty from space, followed by a title card reading 'ONE SYMBOL'. A group is seen walking outdoors during sunset; one person holds a gun and looks determined. Another title card appears over a cityscape at night. The final frames show a muscular figure running through cherry blossom trees, then flying above them, suggesting action or escape. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of urgency and intensity as characters are shown in various dynamic poses.",Muscular figure running through cherry blossom trees,31
597,199,SJBN547h2E0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJBN547h2E0,"The video opens with a close-up of a man in distress, followed by an image of a graffiti-covered wall. The scene shifts to a dimly lit room where the same man is seen holding onto something, suggesting he's trapped or struggling. A red cross symbol appears over his head as if indicating danger or urgency. Cut to another shot of him on a rooftop at night, looking downcast and possibly contemplating suicide. He then stands alone against a dark background, emphasizing isolation. Subsequent frames show various characters engaged in intense physical confrontations; one character is being restrained while others are fighting fiercely. There's also a glimpse of a person wearing a mask, hinting at a secretive or covert operation. Throughout these scenes, there's a consistent presence of the Disney+ logo, reinforcing the content's association with this streaming service.",man in distress graffiti wall,31
598,199,SJBN547h2E0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJBN547h2E0,"The video opens with a close-up of a man in distress, followed by an image of a graffiti-covered wall. The scene shifts to a dimly lit room where the same man is seen holding onto something, suggesting he's trapped or struggling. A red cross symbol appears over his head as if indicating danger or urgency. Cut to another shot of him on a rooftop at night, looking downcast and possibly contemplating suicide. He then stands alone against a dark background, emphasizing isolation. Subsequent frames show various characters engaged in intense physical confrontations; one character is being restrained while others are fighting fiercely. There's also a glimpse of a person wearing a mask, hinting at a secretive or covert operation. Throughout these scenes, there's a consistent presence of the Disney+ logo, reinforcing the content's association with this streaming service.",rooftop suicide contemplation night,31
599,199,SJBN547h2E0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJBN547h2E0,"The video opens with a close-up of a man in distress, followed by an image of a graffiti-covered wall. The scene shifts to a dimly lit room where the same man is seen holding onto something, suggesting he's trapped or struggling. A red cross symbol appears over his head as if indicating danger or urgency. Cut to another shot of him on a rooftop at night, looking downcast and possibly contemplating suicide. He then stands alone against a dark background, emphasizing isolation. Subsequent frames show various characters engaged in intense physical confrontations; one character is being restrained while others are fighting fiercely. There's also a glimpse of a person wearing a mask, hinting at a secretive or covert operation. Throughout these scenes, there's a consistent presence of the Disney+ logo, reinforcing the content's association with this streaming service.",masked covert operation fight scene,31
600,200,TJILvbFWqBs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJILvbFWqBs,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a dark coat, followed by another shot from behind showing the same character walking. The scene shifts to an indoor setting where a man is seen sitting at a desk, looking out through a window. A woman walks past him outside. Next, there's a medium shot of two characters standing on a street; one appears to be speaking while the other listens. Following this, we see a person dressed as Deadpool leaping off a building into the night sky. Another frame shows Deadpool inside a vehicle, ready for action. Subsequently, a character stands confidently against a dimly lit background. The final frames depict a character in a suit and tie walking purposefully towards something or someone, suggesting determination or readiness for confrontation.",Deadpool building jump into night sky,25
601,200,TJILvbFWqBs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJILvbFWqBs,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a dark coat, followed by another shot from behind showing the same character walking. The scene shifts to an indoor setting where a man is seen sitting at a desk, looking out through a window. A woman walks past him outside. Next, there's a medium shot of two characters standing on a street; one appears to be speaking while the other listens. Following this, we see a person dressed as Deadpool leaping off a building into the night sky. Another frame shows Deadpool inside a vehicle, ready for action. Subsequently, a character stands confidently against a dimly lit background. The final frames depict a character in a suit and tie walking purposefully towards something or someone, suggesting determination or readiness for confrontation.",Deadpool vehicle action scene,25
602,200,TJILvbFWqBs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJILvbFWqBs,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a dark coat, followed by another shot from behind showing the same character walking. The scene shifts to an indoor setting where a man is seen sitting at a desk, looking out through a window. A woman walks past him outside. Next, there's a medium shot of two characters standing on a street; one appears to be speaking while the other listens. Following this, we see a person dressed as Deadpool leaping off a building into the night sky. Another frame shows Deadpool inside a vehicle, ready for action. Subsequently, a character stands confidently against a dimly lit background. The final frames depict a character in a suit and tie walking purposefully towards something or someone, suggesting determination or readiness for confrontation.",man in dark coat walking office,25
603,201,VEYBRoaeltg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEYBRoaeltg,"The video features a group of individuals in what appears to be an indoor setting, possibly a room with dark walls. They are dressed in casual attire; one person is wearing a green jacket and another has on a gray shirt. The environment suggests they might be engaged in some form of activity or performance. In the background, there's minimal decor, focusing attention on the subjects. A text overlay reads 'BEHIND THE SCENES,' indicating that this clip is from behind-the-scenes footage. Another frame shows a close-up shot of two people, one in a black outfit and the other in a light-colored top, suggesting interaction between them. There's also a brief glimpse of colorful vertical lines resembling television static, adding a dynamic element to the scene.",behind the scenes footage of a group in a dark room,26
604,201,VEYBRoaeltg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEYBRoaeltg,"The video features a group of individuals in what appears to be an indoor setting, possibly a room with dark walls. They are dressed in casual attire; one person is wearing a green jacket and another has on a gray shirt. The environment suggests they might be engaged in some form of activity or performance. In the background, there's minimal decor, focusing attention on the subjects. A text overlay reads 'BEHIND THE SCENES,' indicating that this clip is from behind-the-scenes footage. Another frame shows a close-up shot of two people, one in a black outfit and the other in a light-colored top, suggesting interaction between them. There's also a brief glimpse of colorful vertical lines resembling television static, adding a dynamic element to the scene.",green jacket and gray shirt behind the scenes,26
605,201,VEYBRoaeltg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEYBRoaeltg,"The video features a group of individuals in what appears to be an indoor setting, possibly a room with dark walls. They are dressed in casual attire; one person is wearing a green jacket and another has on a gray shirt. The environment suggests they might be engaged in some form of activity or performance. In the background, there's minimal decor, focusing attention on the subjects. A text overlay reads 'BEHIND THE SCENES,' indicating that this clip is from behind-the-scenes footage. Another frame shows a close-up shot of two people, one in a black outfit and the other in a light-colored top, suggesting interaction between them. There's also a brief glimpse of colorful vertical lines resembling television static, adding a dynamic element to the scene.",black outfit and light top close‑up,26
606,202,T2FZOW9vA9w.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2FZOW9vA9w,"The video opens with a medium shot of two individuals embracing in an indoor setting, one wearing a yellow top and the other in a floral dress. The scene shifts to another individual holding a drink under caution tape on a road, suggesting a tense situation. A man in a dark jacket is then seen standing outdoors amidst trees, possibly indicating a location for filming or an event. Next, there's a close-up of someone sitting at a desk with papers, followed by a group of people dressed in colorful clothing gathered together, hinting at a social gathering or party. Another frame shows a person seated indoors with their hands raised as if reacting to something off-camera. Finally, we see a woman playing drums energetically in what appears to be a recording studio environment.",woman playing drums in recording studio,29
607,202,T2FZOW9vA9w.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2FZOW9vA9w,"The video opens with a medium shot of two individuals embracing in an indoor setting, one wearing a yellow top and the other in a floral dress. The scene shifts to another individual holding a drink under caution tape on a road, suggesting a tense situation. A man in a dark jacket is then seen standing outdoors amidst trees, possibly indicating a location for filming or an event. Next, there's a close-up of someone sitting at a desk with papers, followed by a group of people dressed in colorful clothing gathered together, hinting at a social gathering or party. Another frame shows a person seated indoors with their hands raised as if reacting to something off-camera. Finally, we see a woman playing drums energetically in what appears to be a recording studio environment.",man holding drink under caution tape on road,29
608,202,T2FZOW9vA9w.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2FZOW9vA9w,"The video opens with a medium shot of two individuals embracing in an indoor setting, one wearing a yellow top and the other in a floral dress. The scene shifts to another individual holding a drink under caution tape on a road, suggesting a tense situation. A man in a dark jacket is then seen standing outdoors amidst trees, possibly indicating a location for filming or an event. Next, there's a close-up of someone sitting at a desk with papers, followed by a group of people dressed in colorful clothing gathered together, hinting at a social gathering or party. Another frame shows a person seated indoors with their hands raised as if reacting to something off-camera. Finally, we see a woman playing drums energetically in what appears to be a recording studio environment.",group of people wearing colorful clothes at a social gathering,29
609,203,YoFeTTtGgSQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoFeTTtGgSQ,"The video opens with a character waking up in the morning, looking tired and disoriented. The scene transitions to an animated superhero character standing on top of a building, ready for action. Next, we see another superhero character running through a city street at night, indicating urgency or pursuit. A close-up follows where a hand reaches out towards a glowing portal, suggesting teleportation or travel. Following this is a nighttime scene featuring two superheroes engaged in combat, showcasing their skills and intensity. Another frame shows one superhero lying unconscious while the other stands over him, implying defeat or aftermath of battle. Finally, there's a shot of a person sitting alone in a room, possibly reflecting on the events that have transpired throughout the day.",tired superhero wakes up morning,33
610,203,YoFeTTtGgSQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoFeTTtGgSQ,"The video opens with a character waking up in the morning, looking tired and disoriented. The scene transitions to an animated superhero character standing on top of a building, ready for action. Next, we see another superhero character running through a city street at night, indicating urgency or pursuit. A close-up follows where a hand reaches out towards a glowing portal, suggesting teleportation or travel. Following this is a nighttime scene featuring two superheroes engaged in combat, showcasing their skills and intensity. Another frame shows one superhero lying unconscious while the other stands over him, implying defeat or aftermath of battle. Finally, there's a shot of a person sitting alone in a room, possibly reflecting on the events that have transpired throughout the day.",superhero portal teleportation,33
611,203,YoFeTTtGgSQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoFeTTtGgSQ,"The video opens with a character waking up in the morning, looking tired and disoriented. The scene transitions to an animated superhero character standing on top of a building, ready for action. Next, we see another superhero character running through a city street at night, indicating urgency or pursuit. A close-up follows where a hand reaches out towards a glowing portal, suggesting teleportation or travel. Following this is a nighttime scene featuring two superheroes engaged in combat, showcasing their skills and intensity. Another frame shows one superhero lying unconscious while the other stands over him, implying defeat or aftermath of battle. Finally, there's a shot of a person sitting alone in a room, possibly reflecting on the events that have transpired throughout the day.",nighttime superhero fight aftermath,33
612,204,xXZ1AV4mPZc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXZ1AV4mPZc,"The video features a person standing in front of a large, bold yellow backdrop with the word 'OLDS' partially visible. The individual is dressed formally in a dark suit and tie, paired with black shoes. They have their hands casually tucked into their pockets as they stand still throughout the frames. The lighting appears to be natural or well-diffused indoor light, casting soft shadows behind the subject. There are no other discernible objects or people in the frame, focusing all attention on the individual's stance against the vibrant background.",formal suit man standing on yellow backdrop,6
613,204,xXZ1AV4mPZc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXZ1AV4mPZc,"The video features a person standing in front of a large, bold yellow backdrop with the word 'OLDS' partially visible. The individual is dressed formally in a dark suit and tie, paired with black shoes. They have their hands casually tucked into their pockets as they stand still throughout the frames. The lighting appears to be natural or well-diffused indoor light, casting soft shadows behind the subject. There are no other discernible objects or people in the frame, focusing all attention on the individual's stance against the vibrant background.",man in dark suit with OLDS logo background,6
614,204,xXZ1AV4mPZc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXZ1AV4mPZc,"The video features a person standing in front of a large, bold yellow backdrop with the word 'OLDS' partially visible. The individual is dressed formally in a dark suit and tie, paired with black shoes. They have their hands casually tucked into their pockets as they stand still throughout the frames. The lighting appears to be natural or well-diffused indoor light, casting soft shadows behind the subject. There are no other discernible objects or people in the frame, focusing all attention on the individual's stance against the vibrant background.",standing portrait of man in black shoes against bright yellow backdrop,6
615,205,921XZFi4M2A.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=921XZFi4M2A,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in a dark outfit, transitioning to another individual wearing a black leather jacket. The scene shifts to an outdoor setting where the first person is seen riding a motorcycle through a dusty environment under bright sunlight. A yellow background appears with bold text 'THE SUMMER'S BIGGEST EVENT' and then changes to 'BRINGS THE THUNDERBOLTS'. We see a car driving on a road flanked by desert-like terrain, followed by a shot from inside the vehicle showing two individuals seated. The final frame shows a dramatic action sequence involving explosions and intense movement against a backdrop of urban buildings.",motorcycle riding dusty desert,31
616,205,921XZFi4M2A.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=921XZFi4M2A,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in a dark outfit, transitioning to another individual wearing a black leather jacket. The scene shifts to an outdoor setting where the first person is seen riding a motorcycle through a dusty environment under bright sunlight. A yellow background appears with bold text 'THE SUMMER'S BIGGEST EVENT' and then changes to 'BRINGS THE THUNDERBOLTS'. We see a car driving on a road flanked by desert-like terrain, followed by a shot from inside the vehicle showing two individuals seated. The final frame shows a dramatic action sequence involving explosions and intense movement against a backdrop of urban buildings.",car two passengers desert drive,31
617,205,921XZFi4M2A.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=921XZFi4M2A,"The video opens with a close-up of a person in a dark outfit, transitioning to another individual wearing a black leather jacket. The scene shifts to an outdoor setting where the first person is seen riding a motorcycle through a dusty environment under bright sunlight. A yellow background appears with bold text 'THE SUMMER'S BIGGEST EVENT' and then changes to 'BRINGS THE THUNDERBOLTS'. We see a car driving on a road flanked by desert-like terrain, followed by a shot from inside the vehicle showing two individuals seated. The final frame shows a dramatic action sequence involving explosions and intense movement against a backdrop of urban buildings.",urban building explosion action scene,31
618,206,Fj6pYU-yEZs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fj6pYU-yEZs,"The video clip appears to be a promotional piece for the movie 'Thor: Ragnarok'. It starts with an action-packed scene where characters are seen in combat, suggesting intense battle sequences. The environment is urban and chaotic, indicative of a superhero film setting. There's a sense of urgency as people run through streets filled with cars and buildings. A close-up shot shows one character looking determinedly ahead, possibly preparing for an upcoming confrontation or mission. Another frame captures a silhouette against a city skyline at dusk, adding a dramatic effect that hints at pivotal moments in the plot. The final frames display text on a black background indicating the release date and stating it's only in theaters May 2, followed by another message about the availability of the Blu-ray and DVD versions.",thor ragnarok battle scene,18
619,206,Fj6pYU-yEZs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fj6pYU-yEZs,"The video clip appears to be a promotional piece for the movie 'Thor: Ragnarok'. It starts with an action-packed scene where characters are seen in combat, suggesting intense battle sequences. The environment is urban and chaotic, indicative of a superhero film setting. There's a sense of urgency as people run through streets filled with cars and buildings. A close-up shot shows one character looking determinedly ahead, possibly preparing for an upcoming confrontation or mission. Another frame captures a silhouette against a city skyline at dusk, adding a dramatic effect that hints at pivotal moments in the plot. The final frames display text on a black background indicating the release date and stating it's only in theaters May 2, followed by another message about the availability of the Blu-ray and DVD versions.",thor ragnarok city chase,18
620,206,Fj6pYU-yEZs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fj6pYU-yEZs,"The video clip appears to be a promotional piece for the movie 'Thor: Ragnarok'. It starts with an action-packed scene where characters are seen in combat, suggesting intense battle sequences. The environment is urban and chaotic, indicative of a superhero film setting. There's a sense of urgency as people run through streets filled with cars and buildings. A close-up shot shows one character looking determinedly ahead, possibly preparing for an upcoming confrontation or mission. Another frame captures a silhouette against a city skyline at dusk, adding a dramatic effect that hints at pivotal moments in the plot. The final frames display text on a black background indicating the release date and stating it's only in theaters May 2, followed by another message about the availability of the Blu-ray and DVD versions.",thor ragnarok release date teaser,18
621,207,gFm_TNAnIDo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFm_TNAnIDo,"The video features a character in a blue and black suit with white gloves, standing on a city street. The environment is urban with buildings, cars, and trees visible. A woman in a green jacket approaches the character who seems to be explaining something about Spider-Man's new costume. She gestures towards her watch while speaking. As she walks away, the camera follows her as she continues talking. The scene shifts back to the character, now holding a phone and looking at it intently. He then turns around and starts walking down the sidewalk, passing by pedestrians and vehicles. The lighting suggests daytime. Throughout the clip, there are various interactions between characters, including one where the character appears to be giving instructions or advice to another person off-screen.",blue black suit character explains Spider-Man new costume,58
622,207,gFm_TNAnIDo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFm_TNAnIDo,"The video features a character in a blue and black suit with white gloves, standing on a city street. The environment is urban with buildings, cars, and trees visible. A woman in a green jacket approaches the character who seems to be explaining something about Spider-Man's new costume. She gestures towards her watch while speaking. As she walks away, the camera follows her as she continues talking. The scene shifts back to the character, now holding a phone and looking at it intently. He then turns around and starts walking down the sidewalk, passing by pedestrians and vehicles. The lighting suggests daytime. Throughout the clip, there are various interactions between characters, including one where the character appears to be giving instructions or advice to another person off-screen.",woman in green jacket talks to blue suit character on city street,58
623,207,gFm_TNAnIDo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFm_TNAnIDo,"The video features a character in a blue and black suit with white gloves, standing on a city street. The environment is urban with buildings, cars, and trees visible. A woman in a green jacket approaches the character who seems to be explaining something about Spider-Man's new costume. She gestures towards her watch while speaking. As she walks away, the camera follows her as she continues talking. The scene shifts back to the character, now holding a phone and looking at it intently. He then turns around and starts walking down the sidewalk, passing by pedestrians and vehicles. The lighting suggests daytime. Throughout the clip, there are various interactions between characters, including one where the character appears to be giving instructions or advice to another person off-screen.",Spider-Man costume discussion with phone on sidewalk,58
624,208,xbH7xoey0pk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbH7xoey0pk,"The video opens with a medium shot of an individual in a blue suit, transitioning to a wide view of a forest-like environment where people are working on what appears to be a film set. The scene shifts indoors to show individuals engaged in filming activities, including one person holding a camera and another gesturing animatedly. A close-up reveals someone's hands moving quickly over objects, possibly preparing for action or creating effects. Another frame shows two characters conversing in a dimly lit room filled with various items like books and papers. There is also footage from behind the scenes showing crew members operating equipment. The final frames depict a group outdoors at night; they appear to be dancing or celebrating amidst foliage.",Blue suit forest film set shoot,37
625,208,xbH7xoey0pk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbH7xoey0pk,"The video opens with a medium shot of an individual in a blue suit, transitioning to a wide view of a forest-like environment where people are working on what appears to be a film set. The scene shifts indoors to show individuals engaged in filming activities, including one person holding a camera and another gesturing animatedly. A close-up reveals someone's hands moving quickly over objects, possibly preparing for action or creating effects. Another frame shows two characters conversing in a dimly lit room filled with various items like books and papers. There is also footage from behind the scenes showing crew members operating equipment. The final frames depict a group outdoors at night; they appear to be dancing or celebrating amidst foliage.",Behind the scenes forest film crew,37
626,208,xbH7xoey0pk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbH7xoey0pk,"The video opens with a medium shot of an individual in a blue suit, transitioning to a wide view of a forest-like environment where people are working on what appears to be a film set. The scene shifts indoors to show individuals engaged in filming activities, including one person holding a camera and another gesturing animatedly. A close-up reveals someone's hands moving quickly over objects, possibly preparing for action or creating effects. Another frame shows two characters conversing in a dimly lit room filled with various items like books and papers. There is also footage from behind the scenes showing crew members operating equipment. The final frames depict a group outdoors at night; they appear to be dancing or celebrating amidst foliage.",Night forest celebration dance,37
627,209,Xwf20MDjp8U.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xwf20MDjp8U,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a yellow jacket, standing against a dark background. The scene shifts to show the person's hand pressing buttons on a control panel labeled 'CAPACITY 6000 LBS' and 'TURBO'. A countdown timer starts at 25 seconds, indicating imminent action or danger. As the timer counts down from 30 seconds to 1 second, the environment becomes increasingly chaotic with smoke filling the room, suggesting an explosion or fire. The camera then cuts to a view through a window showing a cityscape during daylight hours, implying that the event is occurring outside as well. Finally, we see a character wearing a hooded garment holding onto something above their head, possibly preparing for escape or defense amidst the chaos.",yellow jacket countdown explosion,39
628,209,Xwf20MDjp8U.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xwf20MDjp8U,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a yellow jacket, standing against a dark background. The scene shifts to show the person's hand pressing buttons on a control panel labeled 'CAPACITY 6000 LBS' and 'TURBO'. A countdown timer starts at 25 seconds, indicating imminent action or danger. As the timer counts down from 30 seconds to 1 second, the environment becomes increasingly chaotic with smoke filling the room, suggesting an explosion or fire. The camera then cuts to a view through a window showing a cityscape during daylight hours, implying that the event is occurring outside as well. Finally, we see a character wearing a hooded garment holding onto something above their head, possibly preparing for escape or defense amidst the chaos.",turbo capacity 6000 lbs control panel,39
629,209,Xwf20MDjp8U.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xwf20MDjp8U,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a yellow jacket, standing against a dark background. The scene shifts to show the person's hand pressing buttons on a control panel labeled 'CAPACITY 6000 LBS' and 'TURBO'. A countdown timer starts at 25 seconds, indicating imminent action or danger. As the timer counts down from 30 seconds to 1 second, the environment becomes increasingly chaotic with smoke filling the room, suggesting an explosion or fire. The camera then cuts to a view through a window showing a cityscape during daylight hours, implying that the event is occurring outside as well. Finally, we see a character wearing a hooded garment holding onto something above their head, possibly preparing for escape or defense amidst the chaos.",hooded escape over city,39
630,210,j9nTTnjxGDw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9nTTnjxGDw,"The video features a series of medium close-up shots focusing on individuals in various settings, likely from an interview or conversation. The first individual is dressed in a blue cardigan with white and navy stripes over a floral-patterned scarf, holding a wine glass. They are seated indoors against a softly lit background. Another person appears next to them wearing a cream-colored sweater and a patterned scarf. A third individual is seen sitting alone, wearing a peach-colored shirt and a necklace. The environment suggests a cozy indoor setting with warm lighting. There's also a glimpse of another person in the background. Throughout these frames, there's minimal movement except for slight shifts in posture by the individuals.",blue cardigan wine glass interview,55
631,210,j9nTTnjxGDw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9nTTnjxGDw,"The video features a series of medium close-up shots focusing on individuals in various settings, likely from an interview or conversation. The first individual is dressed in a blue cardigan with white and navy stripes over a floral-patterned scarf, holding a wine glass. They are seated indoors against a softly lit background. Another person appears next to them wearing a cream-colored sweater and a patterned scarf. A third individual is seen sitting alone, wearing a peach-colored shirt and a necklace. The environment suggests a cozy indoor setting with warm lighting. There's also a glimpse of another person in the background. Throughout these frames, there's minimal movement except for slight shifts in posture by the individuals.",cozy indoor conversation with patterned scarves,55
632,210,j9nTTnjxGDw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9nTTnjxGDw,"The video features a series of medium close-up shots focusing on individuals in various settings, likely from an interview or conversation. The first individual is dressed in a blue cardigan with white and navy stripes over a floral-patterned scarf, holding a wine glass. They are seated indoors against a softly lit background. Another person appears next to them wearing a cream-colored sweater and a patterned scarf. A third individual is seen sitting alone, wearing a peach-colored shirt and a necklace. The environment suggests a cozy indoor setting with warm lighting. There's also a glimpse of another person in the background. Throughout these frames, there's minimal movement except for slight shifts in posture by the individuals.",peach shirt necklace solo seating,55
633,211,FW7Fr7BvwIw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FW7Fr7BvwIw,"The video takes place at a red carpet event, likely for the movie 'Ironheart,' as indicated by the backdrop. The environment is lively with attendees and photographers capturing moments. A woman in an elegant black dress stands out; she's wearing a strapless design with intricate detailing around her waist and skirt. Her hair is styled in braids that cascade down her back. She appears to be engaged in conversation or posing for photos. Another individual, partially visible on the right side of the frame, seems to be assisting or interacting with the woman. The lighting is bright, typical of outdoor events, casting soft shadows behind them. There are logos from Disney+ and Marvel present on the backdrop, suggesting sponsorship or partnership with these entities.",Ironheart red carpet black strapless dress,8
634,211,FW7Fr7BvwIw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FW7Fr7BvwIw,"The video takes place at a red carpet event, likely for the movie 'Ironheart,' as indicated by the backdrop. The environment is lively with attendees and photographers capturing moments. A woman in an elegant black dress stands out; she's wearing a strapless design with intricate detailing around her waist and skirt. Her hair is styled in braids that cascade down her back. She appears to be engaged in conversation or posing for photos. Another individual, partially visible on the right side of the frame, seems to be assisting or interacting with the woman. The lighting is bright, typical of outdoor events, casting soft shadows behind them. There are logos from Disney+ and Marvel present on the backdrop, suggesting sponsorship or partnership with these entities.",Ironheart red carpet woman in black braids,8
635,211,FW7Fr7BvwIw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FW7Fr7BvwIw,"The video takes place at a red carpet event, likely for the movie 'Ironheart,' as indicated by the backdrop. The environment is lively with attendees and photographers capturing moments. A woman in an elegant black dress stands out; she's wearing a strapless design with intricate detailing around her waist and skirt. Her hair is styled in braids that cascade down her back. She appears to be engaged in conversation or posing for photos. Another individual, partially visible on the right side of the frame, seems to be assisting or interacting with the woman. The lighting is bright, typical of outdoor events, casting soft shadows behind them. There are logos from Disney+ and Marvel present on the backdrop, suggesting sponsorship or partnership with these entities.",Ironheart red carpet Disney+ Marvel logos,8
636,212,wF5mFdC2x74.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wF5mFdC2x74,"The video opens with a group of characters in blue uniforms standing on a circular platform, suggesting an introduction to the main cast. The scene shifts to a cityscape at night where a character is seen falling from a building amidst debris and chaos, indicating danger or conflict. A close-up follows of two characters walking through an elevator into a modern-looking room with large windows showing a city view outside. The next shot shows a robot-like figure entering a kitchen area, hinting at advanced technology within the narrative. Inside the kitchen, we see a humanoid robot cooking food while another character eats, showcasing human-robot interaction. The environment transitions between indoor settings like kitchens and outdoor urban environments filled with smoke and destruction, emphasizing urgency and action.",blue uniform cast on circular platform,51
637,212,wF5mFdC2x74.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wF5mFdC2x74,"The video opens with a group of characters in blue uniforms standing on a circular platform, suggesting an introduction to the main cast. The scene shifts to a cityscape at night where a character is seen falling from a building amidst debris and chaos, indicating danger or conflict. A close-up follows of two characters walking through an elevator into a modern-looking room with large windows showing a city view outside. The next shot shows a robot-like figure entering a kitchen area, hinting at advanced technology within the narrative. Inside the kitchen, we see a humanoid robot cooking food while another character eats, showcasing human-robot interaction. The environment transitions between indoor settings like kitchens and outdoor urban environments filled with smoke and destruction, emphasizing urgency and action.",character falling from building in nighttime city,51
638,212,wF5mFdC2x74.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wF5mFdC2x74,"The video opens with a group of characters in blue uniforms standing on a circular platform, suggesting an introduction to the main cast. The scene shifts to a cityscape at night where a character is seen falling from a building amidst debris and chaos, indicating danger or conflict. A close-up follows of two characters walking through an elevator into a modern-looking room with large windows showing a city view outside. The next shot shows a robot-like figure entering a kitchen area, hinting at advanced technology within the narrative. Inside the kitchen, we see a humanoid robot cooking food while another character eats, showcasing human-robot interaction. The environment transitions between indoor settings like kitchens and outdoor urban environments filled with smoke and destruction, emphasizing urgency and action.",humanoid robot cooking in kitchen,51
639,213,awo0u91pGu4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awo0u91pGu4,"The video features a man in various settings, including an outdoor event with a large crowd and a cityscape backdrop. He is seen wearing different outfits such as casual attire, a jacket, and a suit. The scenes include him speaking into microphones, interacting with fans, holding objects like a shield and a plate of food, and engaging in activities like golfing and parachuting. There are also moments where he is being interviewed or conversing with others. Throughout the video, there's text overlay indicating 'IN THEATERS NOW' and branding for Marvel Studios.",Marvel Studios promo with shield and crowd interaction,37
640,213,awo0u91pGu4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awo0u91pGu4,"The video features a man in various settings, including an outdoor event with a large crowd and a cityscape backdrop. He is seen wearing different outfits such as casual attire, a jacket, and a suit. The scenes include him speaking into microphones, interacting with fans, holding objects like a shield and a plate of food, and engaging in activities like golfing and parachuting. There are also moments where he is being interviewed or conversing with others. Throughout the video, there's text overlay indicating 'IN THEATERS NOW' and branding for Marvel Studios.","Man golfing, parachuting, and speaking in Marvel promotional video",37
641,213,awo0u91pGu4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awo0u91pGu4,"The video features a man in various settings, including an outdoor event with a large crowd and a cityscape backdrop. He is seen wearing different outfits such as casual attire, a jacket, and a suit. The scenes include him speaking into microphones, interacting with fans, holding objects like a shield and a plate of food, and engaging in activities like golfing and parachuting. There are also moments where he is being interviewed or conversing with others. Throughout the video, there's text overlay indicating 'IN THEATERS NOW' and branding for Marvel Studios.",Marvel Studios interview featuring man in jacket and suit,37
642,214,HrhEzwd3D2A.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrhEzwd3D2A,"The video features a character in a dark, leather-like outfit with a distinctive emblem on the chest. The scene transitions to an action-packed sequence where a muscular figure is seen wielding a large weapon, possibly a hammer or mace, and engaging in combat against another unseen opponent. The environment appears chaotic, suggesting a battle setting within what could be a cityscape at night due to artificial lighting. There's also a brief shot of a person wearing a green shirt with a red collar, standing still against a colorful background that resembles traditional Native American art.",dark leather outfit fighter with emblem,16
643,214,HrhEzwd3D2A.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrhEzwd3D2A,"The video features a character in a dark, leather-like outfit with a distinctive emblem on the chest. The scene transitions to an action-packed sequence where a muscular figure is seen wielding a large weapon, possibly a hammer or mace, and engaging in combat against another unseen opponent. The environment appears chaotic, suggesting a battle setting within what could be a cityscape at night due to artificial lighting. There's also a brief shot of a person wearing a green shirt with a red collar, standing still against a colorful background that resembles traditional Native American art.",muscular warrior wielding hammer in night city battle,16
644,214,HrhEzwd3D2A.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrhEzwd3D2A,"The video features a character in a dark, leather-like outfit with a distinctive emblem on the chest. The scene transitions to an action-packed sequence where a muscular figure is seen wielding a large weapon, possibly a hammer or mace, and engaging in combat against another unseen opponent. The environment appears chaotic, suggesting a battle setting within what could be a cityscape at night due to artificial lighting. There's also a brief shot of a person wearing a green shirt with a red collar, standing still against a colorful background that resembles traditional Native American art.",green shirt red collar Native American art background,16
645,215,bpWXTw3e13Y.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpWXTw3e13Y,"The video opens with a character in a blue suit running through an office, followed by another character crouching amidst flames. The scene shifts to a close-up of the first character's face as they appear surprised or shocked. A large screen displays 'TAN BURN COFFEE' and then transitions to a building facade showing a sign for 'MIES'. Next, we see a man in a brown coat standing outside a shop named 'Gonzalez Bodas', looking up at something off-screen. He is wearing a hat and appears to be speaking or reacting to what he sees. In the final frame, there's a dramatic shot of fire shooting upwards into the sky against a clear blue background.",blue suit running through office,26
646,215,bpWXTw3e13Y.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpWXTw3e13Y,"The video opens with a character in a blue suit running through an office, followed by another character crouching amidst flames. The scene shifts to a close-up of the first character's face as they appear surprised or shocked. A large screen displays 'TAN BURN COFFEE' and then transitions to a building facade showing a sign for 'MIES'. Next, we see a man in a brown coat standing outside a shop named 'Gonzalez Bodas', looking up at something off-screen. He is wearing a hat and appears to be speaking or reacting to what he sees. In the final frame, there's a dramatic shot of fire shooting upwards into the sky against a clear blue background.",brown coat man at Gonzalez Bodas shop,26
647,215,bpWXTw3e13Y.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpWXTw3e13Y,"The video opens with a character in a blue suit running through an office, followed by another character crouching amidst flames. The scene shifts to a close-up of the first character's face as they appear surprised or shocked. A large screen displays 'TAN BURN COFFEE' and then transitions to a building facade showing a sign for 'MIES'. Next, we see a man in a brown coat standing outside a shop named 'Gonzalez Bodas', looking up at something off-screen. He is wearing a hat and appears to be speaking or reacting to what he sees. In the final frame, there's a dramatic shot of fire shooting upwards into the sky against a clear blue background.",fire shooting upward into sky,26
648,216,wEZZaZhS2u4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEZZaZhS2u4,"The video opens with a woman in a black, sequined dress walking on a purple carpet at the 'Viacom' event. The scene transitions to an exterior shot of a movie theater's marquee displaying 'AGATHA ALLONG.' A man in a suit waves from behind a blue backdrop. Next, a woman in a bright pink outfit walks confidently down a red carpet. Another woman in a black suit stands against a blue background. The focus shifts to a woman in a strapless black dress posing for photos. The final frames show people inside a bus decorated with vines and foliage, preparing for a journey or event. Throughout these scenes, there are various interactions between characters, including interviews and group poses.",black sequined dress Viacom purple carpet,55
649,216,wEZZaZhS2u4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEZZaZhS2u4,"The video opens with a woman in a black, sequined dress walking on a purple carpet at the 'Viacom' event. The scene transitions to an exterior shot of a movie theater's marquee displaying 'AGATHA ALLONG.' A man in a suit waves from behind a blue backdrop. Next, a woman in a bright pink outfit walks confidently down a red carpet. Another woman in a black suit stands against a blue background. The focus shifts to a woman in a strapless black dress posing for photos. The final frames show people inside a bus decorated with vines and foliage, preparing for a journey or event. Throughout these scenes, there are various interactions between characters, including interviews and group poses.",AGATHA ALLONG movie theater marquee,55
650,216,wEZZaZhS2u4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEZZaZhS2u4,"The video opens with a woman in a black, sequined dress walking on a purple carpet at the 'Viacom' event. The scene transitions to an exterior shot of a movie theater's marquee displaying 'AGATHA ALLONG.' A man in a suit waves from behind a blue backdrop. Next, a woman in a bright pink outfit walks confidently down a red carpet. Another woman in a black suit stands against a blue background. The focus shifts to a woman in a strapless black dress posing for photos. The final frames show people inside a bus decorated with vines and foliage, preparing for a journey or event. Throughout these scenes, there are various interactions between characters, including interviews and group poses.",bus with vines foliage group photos,55
651,217,_d7wK8txwdo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_d7wK8txwdo,"The video features a series of intense and dramatic scenes. The first frame shows a close-up of a character's face with the text 'what hurts most?' overlaid, suggesting vulnerability or distress. In the second frame, we see an action-packed scene where characters are engaged in combat; one is being thrown against a wall by another. The third frame depicts two individuals grappling on what appears to be a rooftop under bright daylight conditions. The fourth frame captures a moment of physical altercation between two characters amidst chaos. The final frames show a group of characters standing together in a well-lit indoor environment, possibly discussing strategy or planning their next move. Throughout these sequences, there is a sense of urgency and tension conveyed through body language and facial expressions.",rooftop grappling fight under bright daylight,16
652,217,_d7wK8txwdo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_d7wK8txwdo,"The video features a series of intense and dramatic scenes. The first frame shows a close-up of a character's face with the text 'what hurts most?' overlaid, suggesting vulnerability or distress. In the second frame, we see an action-packed scene where characters are engaged in combat; one is being thrown against a wall by another. The third frame depicts two individuals grappling on what appears to be a rooftop under bright daylight conditions. The fourth frame captures a moment of physical altercation between two characters amidst chaos. The final frames show a group of characters standing together in a well-lit indoor environment, possibly discussing strategy or planning their next move. Throughout these sequences, there is a sense of urgency and tension conveyed through body language and facial expressions.",character thrown against wall in combat scene,16
653,217,_d7wK8txwdo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_d7wK8txwdo,"The video features a series of intense and dramatic scenes. The first frame shows a close-up of a character's face with the text 'what hurts most?' overlaid, suggesting vulnerability or distress. In the second frame, we see an action-packed scene where characters are engaged in combat; one is being thrown against a wall by another. The third frame depicts two individuals grappling on what appears to be a rooftop under bright daylight conditions. The fourth frame captures a moment of physical altercation between two characters amidst chaos. The final frames show a group of characters standing together in a well-lit indoor environment, possibly discussing strategy or planning their next move. Throughout these sequences, there is a sense of urgency and tension conveyed through body language and facial expressions.",group planning strategy in well-lit indoor setting,16
654,218,HWRO3Jq12wE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWRO3Jq12wE,"The video opens with a close-up of a character's hand, adorned in a white glove and cufflinks, suggesting a formal or professional setting. The scene shifts to an interior space where another individual is seated at a table, wearing a suit and tie, indicating a business environment. A mug on the table suggests a casual yet professional atmosphere. The lighting is dim but focused, creating shadows that add depth to the scene. In the background, there are windows showing daylight outside, contrasting with the indoor ambiance. The color palette consists of muted tones with occasional highlights from artificial light sources. There's no significant action; it appears to be a moment captured during a conversation or meeting within this office-like setting.",white glove business meeting close‑up,17
655,218,HWRO3Jq12wE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWRO3Jq12wE,"The video opens with a close-up of a character's hand, adorned in a white glove and cufflinks, suggesting a formal or professional setting. The scene shifts to an interior space where another individual is seated at a table, wearing a suit and tie, indicating a business environment. A mug on the table suggests a casual yet professional atmosphere. The lighting is dim but focused, creating shadows that add depth to the scene. In the background, there are windows showing daylight outside, contrasting with the indoor ambiance. The color palette consists of muted tones with occasional highlights from artificial light sources. There's no significant action; it appears to be a moment captured during a conversation or meeting within this office-like setting.",man in suit and tie at office table,17
656,218,HWRO3Jq12wE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWRO3Jq12wE,"The video opens with a close-up of a character's hand, adorned in a white glove and cufflinks, suggesting a formal or professional setting. The scene shifts to an interior space where another individual is seated at a table, wearing a suit and tie, indicating a business environment. A mug on the table suggests a casual yet professional atmosphere. The lighting is dim but focused, creating shadows that add depth to the scene. In the background, there are windows showing daylight outside, contrasting with the indoor ambiance. The color palette consists of muted tones with occasional highlights from artificial light sources. There's no significant action; it appears to be a moment captured during a conversation or meeting within this office-like setting.",office meeting with mug and daylight windows,17
657,219,eABbb6qFZLQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eABbb6qFZLQ,"The video captures a man standing on top of a red car, which is positioned in front of a large promotional poster for the movie 'Thor: The Dark World'. He's dressed formally in a black suit and tie. Behind him, there are multiple people taking photos or videos with their cameras. The environment suggests an outdoor event, likely a premiere or press conference, given the presence of media personnel and the grandeur of the backdrop. The lighting appears natural, indicating daytime. The colors are vibrant; the red of the car contrasts sharply against the dark blue background of the poster. There's also a yellow carpet underfoot that adds to the formal atmosphere of the setting.",Thor: The Dark World red car promo event,7
658,219,eABbb6qFZLQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eABbb6qFZLQ,"The video captures a man standing on top of a red car, which is positioned in front of a large promotional poster for the movie 'Thor: The Dark World'. He's dressed formally in a black suit and tie. Behind him, there are multiple people taking photos or videos with their cameras. The environment suggests an outdoor event, likely a premiere or press conference, given the presence of media personnel and the grandeur of the backdrop. The lighting appears natural, indicating daytime. The colors are vibrant; the red of the car contrasts sharply against the dark blue background of the poster. There's also a yellow carpet underfoot that adds to the formal atmosphere of the setting.",man in black suit standing on red car at Thor premiere,7
659,219,eABbb6qFZLQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eABbb6qFZLQ,"The video captures a man standing on top of a red car, which is positioned in front of a large promotional poster for the movie 'Thor: The Dark World'. He's dressed formally in a black suit and tie. Behind him, there are multiple people taking photos or videos with their cameras. The environment suggests an outdoor event, likely a premiere or press conference, given the presence of media personnel and the grandeur of the backdrop. The lighting appears natural, indicating daytime. The colors are vibrant; the red of the car contrasts sharply against the dark blue background of the poster. There's also a yellow carpet underfoot that adds to the formal atmosphere of the setting.",media photo shoot behind Thor poster,7
660,220,WmBYN1c3TsY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WmBYN1c3TsY,"The video opens with a woman in an elegant light green dress, standing on a red carpet at what appears to be a premiere event. The scene transitions to another woman in a black dress with intricate patterns and silver embellishments, posing for photos amidst a crowd of people. A man in a dark suit is seen conversing with someone off-camera. Next, the focus shifts to a man in a brown suit waving towards fans outside a building labeled 'THUNDERBOLTS.' Following this, there's a group photo featuring several individuals dressed in costumes resembling characters from Marvel movies. Another frame shows a woman in a pink dress walking down a red carpet surrounded by photographers. Subsequently, two women are shown conversing; one wears a black outfit while the other has blonde hair. The final frames depict a man signing autographs for fans, followed by a performance stage where performers walk onto it under dramatic lighting effects.",Marvel Thunderbolts premiere red carpet event,46
661,220,WmBYN1c3TsY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WmBYN1c3TsY,"The video opens with a woman in an elegant light green dress, standing on a red carpet at what appears to be a premiere event. The scene transitions to another woman in a black dress with intricate patterns and silver embellishments, posing for photos amidst a crowd of people. A man in a dark suit is seen conversing with someone off-camera. Next, the focus shifts to a man in a brown suit waving towards fans outside a building labeled 'THUNDERBOLTS.' Following this, there's a group photo featuring several individuals dressed in costumes resembling characters from Marvel movies. Another frame shows a woman in a pink dress walking down a red carpet surrounded by photographers. Subsequently, two women are shown conversing; one wears a black outfit while the other has blonde hair. The final frames depict a man signing autographs for fans, followed by a performance stage where performers walk onto it under dramatic lighting effects.",women in pink and black dresses red carpet photoshoot,46
662,220,WmBYN1c3TsY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WmBYN1c3TsY,"The video opens with a woman in an elegant light green dress, standing on a red carpet at what appears to be a premiere event. The scene transitions to another woman in a black dress with intricate patterns and silver embellishments, posing for photos amidst a crowd of people. A man in a dark suit is seen conversing with someone off-camera. Next, the focus shifts to a man in a brown suit waving towards fans outside a building labeled 'THUNDERBOLTS.' Following this, there's a group photo featuring several individuals dressed in costumes resembling characters from Marvel movies. Another frame shows a woman in a pink dress walking down a red carpet surrounded by photographers. Subsequently, two women are shown conversing; one wears a black outfit while the other has blonde hair. The final frames depict a man signing autographs for fans, followed by a performance stage where performers walk onto it under dramatic lighting effects.",autograph signing at performer stage,46
663,221,F1uwXyep8lQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1uwXyep8lQ,"The video opens with a wide shot of a majestic waterfall surrounded by lush greenery, transitioning to an interior scene where characters are seen in traditional attire. The environment shifts dramatically from natural beauty to chaos as soldiers engage in battle amidst smoke and fire. A character is shown entering a room filled with candles and lanterns, suggesting preparation for something significant. Another frame shows two armored figures standing together against a backdrop of fiery sky and clouds, indicating tension or confrontation. The final frames depict a character wielding glowing purple energy, hinting at power or magic use, set against the backdrop of ancient ruins under a darkening sky. Throughout these scenes, there's a consistent presence of Disney+ branding, emphasizing the production company behind the content.",waterfall surrounded by lush greenery scene,31
664,221,F1uwXyep8lQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1uwXyep8lQ,"The video opens with a wide shot of a majestic waterfall surrounded by lush greenery, transitioning to an interior scene where characters are seen in traditional attire. The environment shifts dramatically from natural beauty to chaos as soldiers engage in battle amidst smoke and fire. A character is shown entering a room filled with candles and lanterns, suggesting preparation for something significant. Another frame shows two armored figures standing together against a backdrop of fiery sky and clouds, indicating tension or confrontation. The final frames depict a character wielding glowing purple energy, hinting at power or magic use, set against the backdrop of ancient ruins under a darkening sky. Throughout these scenes, there's a consistent presence of Disney+ branding, emphasizing the production company behind the content.",soldiers battle amidst smoke and fire,31
665,221,F1uwXyep8lQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1uwXyep8lQ,"The video opens with a wide shot of a majestic waterfall surrounded by lush greenery, transitioning to an interior scene where characters are seen in traditional attire. The environment shifts dramatically from natural beauty to chaos as soldiers engage in battle amidst smoke and fire. A character is shown entering a room filled with candles and lanterns, suggesting preparation for something significant. Another frame shows two armored figures standing together against a backdrop of fiery sky and clouds, indicating tension or confrontation. The final frames depict a character wielding glowing purple energy, hinting at power or magic use, set against the backdrop of ancient ruins under a darkening sky. Throughout these scenes, there's a consistent presence of Disney+ branding, emphasizing the production company behind the content.",character wielding glowing purple energy in ancient ruins,31
666,222,KRMO8inIDZ4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRMO8inIDZ4,"The video features a series of intense and dramatic scenes from the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It begins with a close-up shot of a character's face, showing an expression of shock or fear as they are surrounded by smoke and debris. The scene transitions to a wide shot of a chaotic battle in a smoky environment, where characters are engaged in combat amidst explosions and destruction. A figure is seen running through the chaos, followed by another character who appears to be injured or incapacitated. The next frame shows a menacing figure with glowing eyes and sharp teeth, suggesting a villainous presence. Following this, there is a medium shot of two characters facing off against each other in what seems like a confrontation. Finally, we see a character holding a shield, ready for action, indicating preparation for imminent conflict.",MCU chaotic smoke battle with explosions,40
667,222,KRMO8inIDZ4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRMO8inIDZ4,"The video features a series of intense and dramatic scenes from the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It begins with a close-up shot of a character's face, showing an expression of shock or fear as they are surrounded by smoke and debris. The scene transitions to a wide shot of a chaotic battle in a smoky environment, where characters are engaged in combat amidst explosions and destruction. A figure is seen running through the chaos, followed by another character who appears to be injured or incapacitated. The next frame shows a menacing figure with glowing eyes and sharp teeth, suggesting a villainous presence. Following this, there is a medium shot of two characters facing off against each other in what seems like a confrontation. Finally, we see a character holding a shield, ready for action, indicating preparation for imminent conflict.",glowing eyes sharp teeth villain MCU,40
668,222,KRMO8inIDZ4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRMO8inIDZ4,"The video features a series of intense and dramatic scenes from the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It begins with a close-up shot of a character's face, showing an expression of shock or fear as they are surrounded by smoke and debris. The scene transitions to a wide shot of a chaotic battle in a smoky environment, where characters are engaged in combat amidst explosions and destruction. A figure is seen running through the chaos, followed by another character who appears to be injured or incapacitated. The next frame shows a menacing figure with glowing eyes and sharp teeth, suggesting a villainous presence. Following this, there is a medium shot of two characters facing off against each other in what seems like a confrontation. Finally, we see a character holding a shield, ready for action, indicating preparation for imminent conflict.",shield ready for battle MCU character,40
669,223,GRPEqB5UfbQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRPEqB5UfbQ,"The video opens with a dramatic scene of a helicopter in mid-air, suggesting an impending action or rescue. The next frame shows a silhouette against the sky, possibly indicating someone's perspective from above. Following this is a shot of a person standing by a window overlooking a cityscape at dusk, implying surveillance or observation. Another frame captures a character running through what appears to be a chaotic urban environment, hinting at urgency and danger. A close-up follows where we see another character holding a weapon, ready for combat. The final frames show two characters sitting together, one looking concerned while the other seems to be speaking, conveying tension and dialogue between them.",Helicopter hovering over cityscape at dusk,29
670,223,GRPEqB5UfbQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRPEqB5UfbQ,"The video opens with a dramatic scene of a helicopter in mid-air, suggesting an impending action or rescue. The next frame shows a silhouette against the sky, possibly indicating someone's perspective from above. Following this is a shot of a person standing by a window overlooking a cityscape at dusk, implying surveillance or observation. Another frame captures a character running through what appears to be a chaotic urban environment, hinting at urgency and danger. A close-up follows where we see another character holding a weapon, ready for combat. The final frames show two characters sitting together, one looking concerned while the other seems to be speaking, conveying tension and dialogue between them.",Urban chase through chaotic streets,29
671,223,GRPEqB5UfbQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRPEqB5UfbQ,"The video opens with a dramatic scene of a helicopter in mid-air, suggesting an impending action or rescue. The next frame shows a silhouette against the sky, possibly indicating someone's perspective from above. Following this is a shot of a person standing by a window overlooking a cityscape at dusk, implying surveillance or observation. Another frame captures a character running through what appears to be a chaotic urban environment, hinting at urgency and danger. A close-up follows where we see another character holding a weapon, ready for combat. The final frames show two characters sitting together, one looking concerned while the other seems to be speaking, conveying tension and dialogue between them.",Tense dialogue between two characters,29
672,224,48iCljebo04.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48iCljebo04,"The video begins with a character in a yellow shirt and blue pants, standing on the sidewalk next to a building. The scene transitions to an indoor setting where another character is seen sitting at a desk, reading a newspaper titled 'Amazing Fantasy.' A shadowy figure appears behind them, suggesting tension or conflict. The narrative then shifts to show the same character from the first frame now wearing glasses and holding a black backpack, indicating preparation for action. Inside a car, we see hands placing food into a bag, hinting at stealth or sneaking activities. Next, there's a street view showing characters walking by; one character is dressed as Spider-Man, ready for action. The final frames depict Spider-Man swinging through the city streets, showcasing his agility and superhero abilities.",yellow shirt and blue pants on sidewalk,33
673,224,48iCljebo04.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48iCljebo04,"The video begins with a character in a yellow shirt and blue pants, standing on the sidewalk next to a building. The scene transitions to an indoor setting where another character is seen sitting at a desk, reading a newspaper titled 'Amazing Fantasy.' A shadowy figure appears behind them, suggesting tension or conflict. The narrative then shifts to show the same character from the first frame now wearing glasses and holding a black backpack, indicating preparation for action. Inside a car, we see hands placing food into a bag, hinting at stealth or sneaking activities. Next, there's a street view showing characters walking by; one character is dressed as Spider-Man, ready for action. The final frames depict Spider-Man swinging through the city streets, showcasing his agility and superhero abilities.",Amazing Fantasy newspaper scene,33
674,224,48iCljebo04.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48iCljebo04,"The video begins with a character in a yellow shirt and blue pants, standing on the sidewalk next to a building. The scene transitions to an indoor setting where another character is seen sitting at a desk, reading a newspaper titled 'Amazing Fantasy.' A shadowy figure appears behind them, suggesting tension or conflict. The narrative then shifts to show the same character from the first frame now wearing glasses and holding a black backpack, indicating preparation for action. Inside a car, we see hands placing food into a bag, hinting at stealth or sneaking activities. Next, there's a street view showing characters walking by; one character is dressed as Spider-Man, ready for action. The final frames depict Spider-Man swinging through the city streets, showcasing his agility and superhero abilities.",Spider-Man swinging through city streets,33
675,225,ds7g4xj9Icg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ds7g4xj9Icg,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters in suits, one standing and the other seated. The scene shifts to an indoor setting where a character is seen from behind, looking out through a window at night. Another cut shows a close-up of a person's face against a dark background. Subsequently, there are quick cuts between various scenes including a group of people inside what appears to be a vehicle or room, followed by action shots on a motorcycle and running outdoors. The final frame displays text indicating that the content is for 'ONLY IN THEATERS FRIDAY'.",two characters in suits indoor scene,29
676,225,ds7g4xj9Icg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ds7g4xj9Icg,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters in suits, one standing and the other seated. The scene shifts to an indoor setting where a character is seen from behind, looking out through a window at night. Another cut shows a close-up of a person's face against a dark background. Subsequently, there are quick cuts between various scenes including a group of people inside what appears to be a vehicle or room, followed by action shots on a motorcycle and running outdoors. The final frame displays text indicating that the content is for 'ONLY IN THEATERS FRIDAY'.",night window view behind seated character,29
677,225,ds7g4xj9Icg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ds7g4xj9Icg,"The video opens with a medium shot of two characters in suits, one standing and the other seated. The scene shifts to an indoor setting where a character is seen from behind, looking out through a window at night. Another cut shows a close-up of a person's face against a dark background. Subsequently, there are quick cuts between various scenes including a group of people inside what appears to be a vehicle or room, followed by action shots on a motorcycle and running outdoors. The final frame displays text indicating that the content is for 'ONLY IN THEATERS FRIDAY'.",motorcycle action shot outdoors,29
678,226,QYtwyfuVFXg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYtwyfuVFXg,"The video features a person standing in an indoor setting, likely at a convention or event. They are dressed in a pink robe over a Spider-Man costume and holding a baby carrier with various characters from the Spider-Man franchise inside it. The background is bustling with people walking around, indicating a public space filled with activity. Throughout the video, text overlays appear on screen to identify each character: Peter Parker (Spider-Man), Miles Morales (Spider-Man), Miles Morales Spider-Woman, Miles Morales Spider-Ham, Miles Morales Spider-Norbert, Miles Morales Spider-Pink, and Miles Morales Spider-Punk. Each frame shows one of these characters being displayed prominently within the baby carrier, highlighting their unique design and color scheme that aligns with the respective character's theme.",Spider-Man baby carrier with Miles Morales characters,31
679,226,QYtwyfuVFXg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYtwyfuVFXg,"The video features a person standing in an indoor setting, likely at a convention or event. They are dressed in a pink robe over a Spider-Man costume and holding a baby carrier with various characters from the Spider-Man franchise inside it. The background is bustling with people walking around, indicating a public space filled with activity. Throughout the video, text overlays appear on screen to identify each character: Peter Parker (Spider-Man), Miles Morales (Spider-Man), Miles Morales Spider-Woman, Miles Morales Spider-Ham, Miles Morales Spider-Norbert, Miles Morales Spider-Pink, and Miles Morales Spider-Punk. Each frame shows one of these characters being displayed prominently within the baby carrier, highlighting their unique design and color scheme that aligns with the respective character's theme.",Pink robe Spider-Man costume at convention,31
680,226,QYtwyfuVFXg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYtwyfuVFXg,"The video features a person standing in an indoor setting, likely at a convention or event. They are dressed in a pink robe over a Spider-Man costume and holding a baby carrier with various characters from the Spider-Man franchise inside it. The background is bustling with people walking around, indicating a public space filled with activity. Throughout the video, text overlays appear on screen to identify each character: Peter Parker (Spider-Man), Miles Morales (Spider-Man), Miles Morales Spider-Woman, Miles Morales Spider-Ham, Miles Morales Spider-Norbert, Miles Morales Spider-Pink, and Miles Morales Spider-Punk. Each frame shows one of these characters being displayed prominently within the baby carrier, highlighting their unique design and color scheme that aligns with the respective character's theme.",Miles Morales Spider-characters baby carrier display,31
681,227,HWqfHvFNZEU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWqfHvFNZEU,"The video begins with a close-up of hands gripping the handle of an axe, transitioning to a woman in a dark jacket and red top sitting at a table. The scene shifts to a man in a suit holding a bottle, followed by another man in a black coat standing against a dimly lit background. A muscular figure is then shown wielding a large hammer-like weapon, suggesting preparation for action or confrontation. The focus returns to the man in the suit as he grips the hammer's handle tightly. Another character wearing a white shirt appears next, engaging in a physical struggle with the armored hand of the muscular figure. The narrative continues with a man in a blue shirt handling the same hammer-like weapon, indicating ongoing conflict or challenge. The final frames show a woman in a light-colored outfit drinking from a glass, adding a contrasting element to the intense scenes involving weapons and combat.",axe handle close-up,59
682,227,HWqfHvFNZEU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWqfHvFNZEU,"The video begins with a close-up of hands gripping the handle of an axe, transitioning to a woman in a dark jacket and red top sitting at a table. The scene shifts to a man in a suit holding a bottle, followed by another man in a black coat standing against a dimly lit background. A muscular figure is then shown wielding a large hammer-like weapon, suggesting preparation for action or confrontation. The focus returns to the man in the suit as he grips the hammer's handle tightly. Another character wearing a white shirt appears next, engaging in a physical struggle with the armored hand of the muscular figure. The narrative continues with a man in a blue shirt handling the same hammer-like weapon, indicating ongoing conflict or challenge. The final frames show a woman in a light-colored outfit drinking from a glass, adding a contrasting element to the intense scenes involving weapons and combat.",muscular figure wielding hammer,59
683,227,HWqfHvFNZEU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWqfHvFNZEU,"The video begins with a close-up of hands gripping the handle of an axe, transitioning to a woman in a dark jacket and red top sitting at a table. The scene shifts to a man in a suit holding a bottle, followed by another man in a black coat standing against a dimly lit background. A muscular figure is then shown wielding a large hammer-like weapon, suggesting preparation for action or confrontation. The focus returns to the man in the suit as he grips the hammer's handle tightly. Another character wearing a white shirt appears next, engaging in a physical struggle with the armored hand of the muscular figure. The narrative continues with a man in a blue shirt handling the same hammer-like weapon, indicating ongoing conflict or challenge. The final frames show a woman in a light-colored outfit drinking from a glass, adding a contrasting element to the intense scenes involving weapons and combat.",white shirt struggle with armored hand,59
684,228,Hx_fbezNHf4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hx_fbezNHf4,"The video features a person standing on what appears to be the red carpet at an event, likely a film festival given the context. The individual is wearing a light green, off-the-shoulder gown with ruffled details and layered fabric that creates volume around the bust area. They have blonde hair styled in loose waves and are accessorized with rings and bracelets. In the background, there's a crowd of people dressed in formal attire, suggesting this is a high-profile occasion. Palm trees can be seen indicating a warm climate or location. The lighting suggests it might be late afternoon due to the soft shadows cast by the subjects. There are no significant movements from the subject; they remain mostly stationary while posing for photos.",green off‑shoulder gown on red carpet film festival,7
685,228,Hx_fbezNHf4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hx_fbezNHf4,"The video features a person standing on what appears to be the red carpet at an event, likely a film festival given the context. The individual is wearing a light green, off-the-shoulder gown with ruffled details and layered fabric that creates volume around the bust area. They have blonde hair styled in loose waves and are accessorized with rings and bracelets. In the background, there's a crowd of people dressed in formal attire, suggesting this is a high-profile occasion. Palm trees can be seen indicating a warm climate or location. The lighting suggests it might be late afternoon due to the soft shadows cast by the subjects. There are no significant movements from the subject; they remain mostly stationary while posing for photos.",blonde waves on red carpet event with palm trees,7
686,228,Hx_fbezNHf4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hx_fbezNHf4,"The video features a person standing on what appears to be the red carpet at an event, likely a film festival given the context. The individual is wearing a light green, off-the-shoulder gown with ruffled details and layered fabric that creates volume around the bust area. They have blonde hair styled in loose waves and are accessorized with rings and bracelets. In the background, there's a crowd of people dressed in formal attire, suggesting this is a high-profile occasion. Palm trees can be seen indicating a warm climate or location. The lighting suggests it might be late afternoon due to the soft shadows cast by the subjects. There are no significant movements from the subject; they remain mostly stationary while posing for photos.",red carpet photo shoot formal attire crowd,7
687,229,kQsLyDAXA-I.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQsLyDAXA-I,"The video opens with a dark, ominous scene where lightning strikes against the night sky. It transitions to an animated character in a futuristic suit standing on a platform surrounded by other characters, suggesting a confrontation or announcement. The focus shifts to another character wielding a hammer and speaking about their power over storms. A close-up of a glowing orb follows, indicating a significant event. Multiple frames show various characters in dynamic poses, emphasizing action and intensity. Text overlays such as 'Oh, do you have Thor' and 'I am Storm!' appear, hinting at a pivotal moment involving these characters. The final frame shows a character's face with intense blue eyes, followed by a title card for 'Marvel Animation' and 'Disney+' branding, signaling the end of this segment.",Thor storm hammer battle Marvel Animation,43
688,229,kQsLyDAXA-I.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQsLyDAXA-I,"The video opens with a dark, ominous scene where lightning strikes against the night sky. It transitions to an animated character in a futuristic suit standing on a platform surrounded by other characters, suggesting a confrontation or announcement. The focus shifts to another character wielding a hammer and speaking about their power over storms. A close-up of a glowing orb follows, indicating a significant event. Multiple frames show various characters in dynamic poses, emphasizing action and intensity. Text overlays such as 'Oh, do you have Thor' and 'I am Storm!' appear, hinting at a pivotal moment involving these characters. The final frame shows a character's face with intense blue eyes, followed by a title card for 'Marvel Animation' and 'Disney+' branding, signaling the end of this segment.",Storm character lightning hammer fight Disney+,43
689,229,kQsLyDAXA-I.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQsLyDAXA-I,"The video opens with a dark, ominous scene where lightning strikes against the night sky. It transitions to an animated character in a futuristic suit standing on a platform surrounded by other characters, suggesting a confrontation or announcement. The focus shifts to another character wielding a hammer and speaking about their power over storms. A close-up of a glowing orb follows, indicating a significant event. Multiple frames show various characters in dynamic poses, emphasizing action and intensity. Text overlays such as 'Oh, do you have Thor' and 'I am Storm!' appear, hinting at a pivotal moment involving these characters. The final frame shows a character's face with intense blue eyes, followed by a title card for 'Marvel Animation' and 'Disney+' branding, signaling the end of this segment.",Marvel Animation Thor vs Storm lightning showdown,43
690,230,PUcJMJpad1o.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUcJMJpad1o,"The video opens with a wide shot of an old, dilapidated building under a clear sky. The scene transitions to a close-up of a character's face in profile, followed by another character driving a car at night. Next is a medium shot inside a vehicle showing the driver looking out through the windshield. Then it cuts to a close-up of a helmeted figure against a dark background. Following this are two quick shots: one of a large mechanical structure emitting bright light and flames, and another of a person wearing a red suit with white accents standing outdoors. Finally, we see a title card for 'What If... Season 3' from Marvel Animation, indicating that Disney+ will stream the show.",What If... dilapidated building opening,16
691,230,PUcJMJpad1o.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUcJMJpad1o,"The video opens with a wide shot of an old, dilapidated building under a clear sky. The scene transitions to a close-up of a character's face in profile, followed by another character driving a car at night. Next is a medium shot inside a vehicle showing the driver looking out through the windshield. Then it cuts to a close-up of a helmeted figure against a dark background. Following this are two quick shots: one of a large mechanical structure emitting bright light and flames, and another of a person wearing a red suit with white accents standing outdoors. Finally, we see a title card for 'What If... Season 3' from Marvel Animation, indicating that Disney+ will stream the show.",What If... car chase at night,16
692,230,PUcJMJpad1o.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUcJMJpad1o,"The video opens with a wide shot of an old, dilapidated building under a clear sky. The scene transitions to a close-up of a character's face in profile, followed by another character driving a car at night. Next is a medium shot inside a vehicle showing the driver looking out through the windshield. Then it cuts to a close-up of a helmeted figure against a dark background. Following this are two quick shots: one of a large mechanical structure emitting bright light and flames, and another of a person wearing a red suit with white accents standing outdoors. Finally, we see a title card for 'What If... Season 3' from Marvel Animation, indicating that Disney+ will stream the show.",What If... red suit with white accents outdoors,16
693,231,UDk2esvUJOM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDk2esvUJOM,"The video features a woman in an elegant, form-fitting black dress with intricate beadwork and sheer panels. She stands confidently on what appears to be a red carpet event, indicated by the 'THUNDERBIRDS' text visible at her feet. The backdrop is vibrant yellow with bold lettering, suggesting it's part of a larger promotional or celebratory setting. As she moves slightly, the dress flows gracefully around her, highlighting its design details. Her hair is styled neatly, complementing the sophisticated look of the attire. The lighting seems natural, likely outdoor daylight, casting soft shadows behind her. No other characters are present in these frames; the focus remains solely on the woman as she poses for the camera.",black beaded dress on red carpet,8
694,231,UDk2esvUJOM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDk2esvUJOM,"The video features a woman in an elegant, form-fitting black dress with intricate beadwork and sheer panels. She stands confidently on what appears to be a red carpet event, indicated by the 'THUNDERBIRDS' text visible at her feet. The backdrop is vibrant yellow with bold lettering, suggesting it's part of a larger promotional or celebratory setting. As she moves slightly, the dress flows gracefully around her, highlighting its design details. Her hair is styled neatly, complementing the sophisticated look of the attire. The lighting seems natural, likely outdoor daylight, casting soft shadows behind her. No other characters are present in these frames; the focus remains solely on the woman as she poses for the camera.",thunderbirds event elegant model,8
695,231,UDk2esvUJOM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDk2esvUJOM,"The video features a woman in an elegant, form-fitting black dress with intricate beadwork and sheer panels. She stands confidently on what appears to be a red carpet event, indicated by the 'THUNDERBIRDS' text visible at her feet. The backdrop is vibrant yellow with bold lettering, suggesting it's part of a larger promotional or celebratory setting. As she moves slightly, the dress flows gracefully around her, highlighting its design details. Her hair is styled neatly, complementing the sophisticated look of the attire. The lighting seems natural, likely outdoor daylight, casting soft shadows behind her. No other characters are present in these frames; the focus remains solely on the woman as she poses for the camera.",woman in sheer black dress on yellow backdrop,8
696,232,SuRUfO0bpgM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuRUfO0bpgM,"The video opens with a close-up of an animated character's face, showcasing detailed features and expressions. The scene transitions to another character in a purple outfit against a dark background, followed by a dynamic action sequence featuring characters engaged in combat. Bright flashes of light suggest high-energy moments. A title card appears stating 'EVERY MOMENT' amidst vibrant colors and cosmic imagery. Another title card reads 'NOW STREAMING,' indicating the availability of content online. The final frames depict a character in golden armor flying through space, surrounded by bright blue energy beams, suggesting advanced technology or power. Throughout these scenes, there is consistent branding from Disney+, as indicated by the logo visible throughout the clip.",animated character face close‑up action clip,31
697,232,SuRUfO0bpgM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuRUfO0bpgM,"The video opens with a close-up of an animated character's face, showcasing detailed features and expressions. The scene transitions to another character in a purple outfit against a dark background, followed by a dynamic action sequence featuring characters engaged in combat. Bright flashes of light suggest high-energy moments. A title card appears stating 'EVERY MOMENT' amidst vibrant colors and cosmic imagery. Another title card reads 'NOW STREAMING,' indicating the availability of content online. The final frames depict a character in golden armor flying through space, surrounded by bright blue energy beams, suggesting advanced technology or power. Throughout these scenes, there is consistent branding from Disney+, as indicated by the logo visible throughout the clip.",purple outfit combat sequence with bright flashes,31
698,232,SuRUfO0bpgM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuRUfO0bpgM,"The video opens with a close-up of an animated character's face, showcasing detailed features and expressions. The scene transitions to another character in a purple outfit against a dark background, followed by a dynamic action sequence featuring characters engaged in combat. Bright flashes of light suggest high-energy moments. A title card appears stating 'EVERY MOMENT' amidst vibrant colors and cosmic imagery. Another title card reads 'NOW STREAMING,' indicating the availability of content online. The final frames depict a character in golden armor flying through space, surrounded by bright blue energy beams, suggesting advanced technology or power. Throughout these scenes, there is consistent branding from Disney+, as indicated by the logo visible throughout the clip.",golden armor space fighter with blue energy beams,31
699,233,-YzLFRVrTa0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YzLFRVrTa0,"The video opens with a medium shot of a school building labeled 'WELCOME TO MIDTOWN HIGH,' indicating the setting. A character in a blue jacket and yellow shirt is seen entering through a door, suggesting an entrance to the school or a similar institution. The scene cuts to a close-up of hands tying shoelaces on sneakers, implying preparation for physical activity or travel. Next, we see Spider-Man swinging from webbing against a clear sky background, showcasing his agility and superhero abilities. Subsequently, there's a cutaway to a comic book-style image featuring Spider-Man hanging upside down with text reading 'ONLINE' above him, hinting at online content related to Spider-Man. Finally, the clip shows two characters conversing indoors; one wearing glasses and a blue jacket over a yellow shirt, while another wears a green blazer.",Midtown High entrance scene,16
700,233,-YzLFRVrTa0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YzLFRVrTa0,"The video opens with a medium shot of a school building labeled 'WELCOME TO MIDTOWN HIGH,' indicating the setting. A character in a blue jacket and yellow shirt is seen entering through a door, suggesting an entrance to the school or a similar institution. The scene cuts to a close-up of hands tying shoelaces on sneakers, implying preparation for physical activity or travel. Next, we see Spider-Man swinging from webbing against a clear sky background, showcasing his agility and superhero abilities. Subsequently, there's a cutaway to a comic book-style image featuring Spider-Man hanging upside down with text reading 'ONLINE' above him, hinting at online content related to Spider-Man. Finally, the clip shows two characters conversing indoors; one wearing glasses and a blue jacket over a yellow shirt, while another wears a green blazer.",Spider‑Man swinging from webbing,16
701,233,-YzLFRVrTa0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YzLFRVrTa0,"The video opens with a medium shot of a school building labeled 'WELCOME TO MIDTOWN HIGH,' indicating the setting. A character in a blue jacket and yellow shirt is seen entering through a door, suggesting an entrance to the school or a similar institution. The scene cuts to a close-up of hands tying shoelaces on sneakers, implying preparation for physical activity or travel. Next, we see Spider-Man swinging from webbing against a clear sky background, showcasing his agility and superhero abilities. Subsequently, there's a cutaway to a comic book-style image featuring Spider-Man hanging upside down with text reading 'ONLINE' above him, hinting at online content related to Spider-Man. Finally, the clip shows two characters conversing indoors; one wearing glasses and a blue jacket over a yellow shirt, while another wears a green blazer.",Spider‑Man comic book online clip,16
702,234,uxlyYtwryBU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxlyYtwryBU,"The video features a man in a dark suit and light-colored shirt walking through what appears to be an outdoor event or gathering. He is wearing sunglasses, has short hair, and carries a briefcase. The environment includes other attendees dressed in formal attire, suggesting a high-profile occasion such as a premiere or awards ceremony. There are green hedges lining the area, indicating it might be part of a larger venue like a park or garden setting. As he moves forward, he interacts with people around him by shaking hands and engaging in conversation. The lighting suggests daytime with clear skies due to the bright shadows cast on the ground.",man in dark suit at outdoor awards ceremony,9
703,234,uxlyYtwryBU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxlyYtwryBU,"The video features a man in a dark suit and light-colored shirt walking through what appears to be an outdoor event or gathering. He is wearing sunglasses, has short hair, and carries a briefcase. The environment includes other attendees dressed in formal attire, suggesting a high-profile occasion such as a premiere or awards ceremony. There are green hedges lining the area, indicating it might be part of a larger venue like a park or garden setting. As he moves forward, he interacts with people around him by shaking hands and engaging in conversation. The lighting suggests daytime with clear skies due to the bright shadows cast on the ground.",formal gathering with green hedges and briefcase,9
704,234,uxlyYtwryBU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxlyYtwryBU,"The video features a man in a dark suit and light-colored shirt walking through what appears to be an outdoor event or gathering. He is wearing sunglasses, has short hair, and carries a briefcase. The environment includes other attendees dressed in formal attire, suggesting a high-profile occasion such as a premiere or awards ceremony. There are green hedges lining the area, indicating it might be part of a larger venue like a park or garden setting. As he moves forward, he interacts with people around him by shaking hands and engaging in conversation. The lighting suggests daytime with clear skies due to the bright shadows cast on the ground.",sunglasses wearing businessman shaking hands at premiere,9
705,235,Bj0f5NvHZCw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bj0f5NvHZCw,"The video starts with a black screen that transitions to an animated sequence featuring the text 'IGNITE THE BATTLE' in bold white letters against a yellow and blue background. The scene shifts to gameplay footage from 'Mutants Genetic Gladiators,' showcasing a character named Duelist Moon Knight engaged in combat within a futuristic, high-tech environment filled with advanced structures and other characters. The player navigates through various levels of the game, utilizing abilities like energy blasts and grappling hooks for movement. The HUD displays health bars, score, and mini-map indicating the player's position on the map. The lighting is dynamic, with bright flashes of light during special moves or attacks. The overall color scheme includes shades of blue, purple, and gold, contributing to the sci-fi aesthetic of the game.",Ignite the Battle gameplay in Mutants Genetic Gladiators,46
706,235,Bj0f5NvHZCw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bj0f5NvHZCw,"The video starts with a black screen that transitions to an animated sequence featuring the text 'IGNITE THE BATTLE' in bold white letters against a yellow and blue background. The scene shifts to gameplay footage from 'Mutants Genetic Gladiators,' showcasing a character named Duelist Moon Knight engaged in combat within a futuristic, high-tech environment filled with advanced structures and other characters. The player navigates through various levels of the game, utilizing abilities like energy blasts and grappling hooks for movement. The HUD displays health bars, score, and mini-map indicating the player's position on the map. The lighting is dynamic, with bright flashes of light during special moves or attacks. The overall color scheme includes shades of blue, purple, and gold, contributing to the sci-fi aesthetic of the game.",Duelist Moon Knight energy blast and grappling hook moves,46
707,235,Bj0f5NvHZCw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bj0f5NvHZCw,"The video starts with a black screen that transitions to an animated sequence featuring the text 'IGNITE THE BATTLE' in bold white letters against a yellow and blue background. The scene shifts to gameplay footage from 'Mutants Genetic Gladiators,' showcasing a character named Duelist Moon Knight engaged in combat within a futuristic, high-tech environment filled with advanced structures and other characters. The player navigates through various levels of the game, utilizing abilities like energy blasts and grappling hooks for movement. The HUD displays health bars, score, and mini-map indicating the player's position on the map. The lighting is dynamic, with bright flashes of light during special moves or attacks. The overall color scheme includes shades of blue, purple, and gold, contributing to the sci-fi aesthetic of the game.",Mutants Genetic Gladiators futuristic high‑tech combat scenes,46
708,236,wBnv6MaJleY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBnv6MaJleY,"The video begins with a woman in a dark blue coat standing outdoors, gesturing as she speaks. The scene transitions to an indoor setting where the same woman is seen conversing with another person dressed in black attire. A split-screen shows her kneeling beside a fallen child amidst autumn leaves, followed by a close-up of a bird perched on a signpost. Next, we see a man pointing at various garments and accessories in a store or studio environment. He examines a purple garment closely before showing it to someone off-camera. The final frames focus on intricate designs on fabric, highlighting detailed patterns that resemble tribal art or ancient symbols.",woman in dark blue coat outdoors speaking,33
709,236,wBnv6MaJleY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBnv6MaJleY,"The video begins with a woman in a dark blue coat standing outdoors, gesturing as she speaks. The scene transitions to an indoor setting where the same woman is seen conversing with another person dressed in black attire. A split-screen shows her kneeling beside a fallen child amidst autumn leaves, followed by a close-up of a bird perched on a signpost. Next, we see a man pointing at various garments and accessories in a store or studio environment. He examines a purple garment closely before showing it to someone off-camera. The final frames focus on intricate designs on fabric, highlighting detailed patterns that resemble tribal art or ancient symbols.",fallen child among autumn leaves split-screen,33
710,236,wBnv6MaJleY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBnv6MaJleY,"The video begins with a woman in a dark blue coat standing outdoors, gesturing as she speaks. The scene transitions to an indoor setting where the same woman is seen conversing with another person dressed in black attire. A split-screen shows her kneeling beside a fallen child amidst autumn leaves, followed by a close-up of a bird perched on a signpost. Next, we see a man pointing at various garments and accessories in a store or studio environment. He examines a purple garment closely before showing it to someone off-camera. The final frames focus on intricate designs on fabric, highlighting detailed patterns that resemble tribal art or ancient symbols.",purple garment close‑up with tribal designs,33
711,237,RaYizPExrks.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaYizPExrks,"The video clip appears to be from a horror movie trailer. It features various scenes with different characters in dark, ominous settings that suggest suspense and danger. The lighting is often low-key or dimly lit, creating an eerie atmosphere. There are close-up shots of characters' faces showing expressions of fear or surprise. In one scene, there's a character standing alone against a backdrop of trees at night, which adds to the sense of isolation and tension. Another frame shows two characters conversing in what seems like a tense situation. The color palette throughout these frames is predominantly dark hues such as black, blue, and green, contributing to the overall unsettling mood of the sequence.",horror movie trailer dark forest night,16
712,237,RaYizPExrks.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaYizPExrks,"The video clip appears to be from a horror movie trailer. It features various scenes with different characters in dark, ominous settings that suggest suspense and danger. The lighting is often low-key or dimly lit, creating an eerie atmosphere. There are close-up shots of characters' faces showing expressions of fear or surprise. In one scene, there's a character standing alone against a backdrop of trees at night, which adds to the sense of isolation and tension. Another frame shows two characters conversing in what seems like a tense situation. The color palette throughout these frames is predominantly dark hues such as black, blue, and green, contributing to the overall unsettling mood of the sequence.",close-up fearful face horror trailer,16
713,237,RaYizPExrks.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaYizPExrks,"The video clip appears to be from a horror movie trailer. It features various scenes with different characters in dark, ominous settings that suggest suspense and danger. The lighting is often low-key or dimly lit, creating an eerie atmosphere. There are close-up shots of characters' faces showing expressions of fear or surprise. In one scene, there's a character standing alone against a backdrop of trees at night, which adds to the sense of isolation and tension. Another frame shows two characters conversing in what seems like a tense situation. The color palette throughout these frames is predominantly dark hues such as black, blue, and green, contributing to the overall unsettling mood of the sequence.",two characters tense conversation horror,16
714,238,GHEJyO4Sisk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHEJyO4Sisk,"The video features a character in black and red attire, likely the Black Panther, engaging with another character dressed in blue. They are on a rooftop at night under a full moon, surrounded by stars. The scene is intense as they fight; the Black Panther uses his agility to dodge attacks from the Blue Panther. A close-up reveals the Black Panther's determined expression while he leaps into the air. Text overlays indicate that this battle is 'Definitely Top Five' and 'Super Battles for Me.' The environment shifts to an urban setting where the Blue Panther is seen flying through the cityscape at night. The final frame shows a promotional poster for 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man,' featuring characters like Peter Parker and Miles Morales against a backdrop of web patterns.",Black Panther rooftop fight vs Blue Panther,20
715,238,GHEJyO4Sisk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHEJyO4Sisk,"The video features a character in black and red attire, likely the Black Panther, engaging with another character dressed in blue. They are on a rooftop at night under a full moon, surrounded by stars. The scene is intense as they fight; the Black Panther uses his agility to dodge attacks from the Blue Panther. A close-up reveals the Black Panther's determined expression while he leaps into the air. Text overlays indicate that this battle is 'Definitely Top Five' and 'Super Battles for Me.' The environment shifts to an urban setting where the Blue Panther is seen flying through the cityscape at night. The final frame shows a promotional poster for 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man,' featuring characters like Peter Parker and Miles Morales against a backdrop of web patterns.",Black Panther moonlit rooftop battle,20
716,238,GHEJyO4Sisk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHEJyO4Sisk,"The video features a character in black and red attire, likely the Black Panther, engaging with another character dressed in blue. They are on a rooftop at night under a full moon, surrounded by stars. The scene is intense as they fight; the Black Panther uses his agility to dodge attacks from the Blue Panther. A close-up reveals the Black Panther's determined expression while he leaps into the air. Text overlays indicate that this battle is 'Definitely Top Five' and 'Super Battles for Me.' The environment shifts to an urban setting where the Blue Panther is seen flying through the cityscape at night. The final frame shows a promotional poster for 'Spider-Man: Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man,' featuring characters like Peter Parker and Miles Morales against a backdrop of web patterns.",Spider-Man promotional poster with Miles Morales,20
717,239,uvv4RyHQ9QQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvv4RyHQ9QQ,"The video opens with a person in a red jacket and black pants holding a Captain America shield, standing against a backdrop featuring the 'Captain America: Bane World' logo. The scene shifts to another individual dressed as Captain America, striking poses while holding the shield. A close-up reveals a camera setup capturing these actions. Subsequently, we see an exterior shot of a building under construction surrounded by cranes and scaffolding. A helicopter flies overhead, followed by a view from inside the helicopter looking down at the ground below. The final frames depict a family gathered indoors; one member is wearing Captain America's costume, suggesting they are part of a superhero-themed event or celebration.",Captain America Bane World cosplay video,55
718,239,uvv4RyHQ9QQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvv4RyHQ9QQ,"The video opens with a person in a red jacket and black pants holding a Captain America shield, standing against a backdrop featuring the 'Captain America: Bane World' logo. The scene shifts to another individual dressed as Captain America, striking poses while holding the shield. A close-up reveals a camera setup capturing these actions. Subsequently, we see an exterior shot of a building under construction surrounded by cranes and scaffolding. A helicopter flies overhead, followed by a view from inside the helicopter looking down at the ground below. The final frames depict a family gathered indoors; one member is wearing Captain America's costume, suggesting they are part of a superhero-themed event or celebration.",Helicopter filming over construction site with Captain America,55
719,239,uvv4RyHQ9QQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvv4RyHQ9QQ,"The video opens with a person in a red jacket and black pants holding a Captain America shield, standing against a backdrop featuring the 'Captain America: Bane World' logo. The scene shifts to another individual dressed as Captain America, striking poses while holding the shield. A close-up reveals a camera setup capturing these actions. Subsequently, we see an exterior shot of a building under construction surrounded by cranes and scaffolding. A helicopter flies overhead, followed by a view from inside the helicopter looking down at the ground below. The final frames depict a family gathered indoors; one member is wearing Captain America's costume, suggesting they are part of a superhero-themed event or celebration.",Family superhero celebration with Captain America costume,55
720,240,3tp1CHLpRWw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tp1CHLpRWw,"The video opens with a dramatic shot of an armored character flying through the sky, followed by a title card for 'Captain America: Brave New World'. The scene shifts to a chaotic battle in a city street where characters are engaged in combat. A close-up reveals a man's face amidst destruction. Another frame shows a character standing triumphantly atop a building. There is also footage of a character soaring over water and engaging in aerial maneuvers. The final frames depict a character running towards another person on a road lined with cherry blossom trees, suggesting urgency or pursuit. Throughout these scenes, there is consistent branding from Disney and Marvel Studios, indicating that this content is produced by these entities.",Captain America flying over city street,46
721,240,3tp1CHLpRWw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tp1CHLpRWw,"The video opens with a dramatic shot of an armored character flying through the sky, followed by a title card for 'Captain America: Brave New World'. The scene shifts to a chaotic battle in a city street where characters are engaged in combat. A close-up reveals a man's face amidst destruction. Another frame shows a character standing triumphantly atop a building. There is also footage of a character soaring over water and engaging in aerial maneuvers. The final frames depict a character running towards another person on a road lined with cherry blossom trees, suggesting urgency or pursuit. Throughout these scenes, there is consistent branding from Disney and Marvel Studios, indicating that this content is produced by these entities.",Captain America battle on city street,46
722,240,3tp1CHLpRWw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tp1CHLpRWw,"The video opens with a dramatic shot of an armored character flying through the sky, followed by a title card for 'Captain America: Brave New World'. The scene shifts to a chaotic battle in a city street where characters are engaged in combat. A close-up reveals a man's face amidst destruction. Another frame shows a character standing triumphantly atop a building. There is also footage of a character soaring over water and engaging in aerial maneuvers. The final frames depict a character running towards another person on a road lined with cherry blossom trees, suggesting urgency or pursuit. Throughout these scenes, there is consistent branding from Disney and Marvel Studios, indicating that this content is produced by these entities.",Captain America chase on cherry blossom-lined road,46
723,241,Qy41sOLoA6w.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qy41sOLoA6w,"The video features two men seated at a table in what appears to be a dimly lit bar or restaurant. The man on the left wears a maroon shirt, while the one on the right is dressed in a grey blazer over a dark top. They are engaged in an animated conversation about their experience with Spider-Man and Andrew Garfield's portrayal of him. The setting includes bottles and glasses on the table, suggesting they might have been drinking. There's also a red neon sign visible in the background that adds to the ambiance. Throughout the clip, subtitles appear overlaying the footage, providing context for the dialogue between them. The overall tone seems light-hearted and humorous as they discuss their impressions of the movie and its cast.",Spider-Man Andrew Garfield discussion in bar,57
724,241,Qy41sOLoA6w.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qy41sOLoA6w,"The video features two men seated at a table in what appears to be a dimly lit bar or restaurant. The man on the left wears a maroon shirt, while the one on the right is dressed in a grey blazer over a dark top. They are engaged in an animated conversation about their experience with Spider-Man and Andrew Garfield's portrayal of him. The setting includes bottles and glasses on the table, suggesting they might have been drinking. There's also a red neon sign visible in the background that adds to the ambiance. Throughout the clip, subtitles appear overlaying the footage, providing context for the dialogue between them. The overall tone seems light-hearted and humorous as they discuss their impressions of the movie and its cast.",men talk Spider-Man in dimly lit restaurant,57
725,241,Qy41sOLoA6w.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qy41sOLoA6w,"The video features two men seated at a table in what appears to be a dimly lit bar or restaurant. The man on the left wears a maroon shirt, while the one on the right is dressed in a grey blazer over a dark top. They are engaged in an animated conversation about their experience with Spider-Man and Andrew Garfield's portrayal of him. The setting includes bottles and glasses on the table, suggesting they might have been drinking. There's also a red neon sign visible in the background that adds to the ambiance. Throughout the clip, subtitles appear overlaying the footage, providing context for the dialogue between them. The overall tone seems light-hearted and humorous as they discuss their impressions of the movie and its cast.",neon bar conversation about Spider-Man movie,57
726,242,zgwmJsELO3s.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgwmJsELO3s,"The video features a young man in various settings, including an indoor room with dim lighting and another character's face. The first frame shows the man sitting against a dark background, wearing a denim jacket over a white shirt. In subsequent frames, he is seen standing indoors with text overlays indicating his name as 'TEEN' and his role as 'Beep'. Another scene depicts him walking outdoors at night, followed by a close-up of a woman named 'AGATHA' who appears to be speaking or reacting to something off-camera. There are also shots of other characters, one holding a gun and another looking distressed. Text overlays suggest dialogue about relationships and personal feelings towards AGATHA. The final frame displays promotional material for 'Agatha Al Along', featuring logos and titles related to the show.",Teen Beep denim jacket scene,48
727,242,zgwmJsELO3s.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgwmJsELO3s,"The video features a young man in various settings, including an indoor room with dim lighting and another character's face. The first frame shows the man sitting against a dark background, wearing a denim jacket over a white shirt. In subsequent frames, he is seen standing indoors with text overlays indicating his name as 'TEEN' and his role as 'Beep'. Another scene depicts him walking outdoors at night, followed by a close-up of a woman named 'AGATHA' who appears to be speaking or reacting to something off-camera. There are also shots of other characters, one holding a gun and another looking distressed. Text overlays suggest dialogue about relationships and personal feelings towards AGATHA. The final frame displays promotional material for 'Agatha Al Along', featuring logos and titles related to the show.",Agatha Al Along promo teaser,48
728,242,zgwmJsELO3s.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgwmJsELO3s,"The video features a young man in various settings, including an indoor room with dim lighting and another character's face. The first frame shows the man sitting against a dark background, wearing a denim jacket over a white shirt. In subsequent frames, he is seen standing indoors with text overlays indicating his name as 'TEEN' and his role as 'Beep'. Another scene depicts him walking outdoors at night, followed by a close-up of a woman named 'AGATHA' who appears to be speaking or reacting to something off-camera. There are also shots of other characters, one holding a gun and another looking distressed. Text overlays suggest dialogue about relationships and personal feelings towards AGATHA. The final frame displays promotional material for 'Agatha Al Along', featuring logos and titles related to the show.",Man discussing relationship with Agatha in dark indoor setting,48
729,243,LHpZktClM_U.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHpZktClM_U,"The video opens with a night scene of armed figures in the distance, illuminated by bright lights. The next frame shows a silhouette against a cloudy sky, suggesting an intense moment or confrontation. Following this is a black screen with 'THUNDERBOLTS' and 'MAY 2' text, indicating a release date for a movie. Another shot features a character running through a smoky environment, hinting at action-packed scenes. A close-up follows with bold yellow letters spelling out 'YELENA,' likely referring to one of the characters from the film. Subsequent frames show various characters: one walking confidently outdoors during sunset; another driving in a car; and finally, a person holding up a box labeled 'WALKER.' The final frame depicts chaos on a city street with explosions and debris flying around, showcasing high-stakes combat sequences typical of superhero films.",Thunderbolts Yelena running through smoke,31
730,243,LHpZktClM_U.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHpZktClM_U,"The video opens with a night scene of armed figures in the distance, illuminated by bright lights. The next frame shows a silhouette against a cloudy sky, suggesting an intense moment or confrontation. Following this is a black screen with 'THUNDERBOLTS' and 'MAY 2' text, indicating a release date for a movie. Another shot features a character running through a smoky environment, hinting at action-packed scenes. A close-up follows with bold yellow letters spelling out 'YELENA,' likely referring to one of the characters from the film. Subsequent frames show various characters: one walking confidently outdoors during sunset; another driving in a car; and finally, a person holding up a box labeled 'WALKER.' The final frame depicts chaos on a city street with explosions and debris flying around, showcasing high-stakes combat sequences typical of superhero films.",Thunderbolts city street explosion,31
731,243,LHpZktClM_U.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHpZktClM_U,"The video opens with a night scene of armed figures in the distance, illuminated by bright lights. The next frame shows a silhouette against a cloudy sky, suggesting an intense moment or confrontation. Following this is a black screen with 'THUNDERBOLTS' and 'MAY 2' text, indicating a release date for a movie. Another shot features a character running through a smoky environment, hinting at action-packed scenes. A close-up follows with bold yellow letters spelling out 'YELENA,' likely referring to one of the characters from the film. Subsequent frames show various characters: one walking confidently outdoors during sunset; another driving in a car; and finally, a person holding up a box labeled 'WALKER.' The final frame depicts chaos on a city street with explosions and debris flying around, showcasing high-stakes combat sequences typical of superhero films.",Thunderbolts walking at sunset,31
732,244,MdCCJUTmqe0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdCCJUTmqe0,"The video captures a vibrant red carpet event, likely at the premiere of 'Joker'. The setting is bustling with activity; attendees are dressed in formal attire. A woman in a long, dark dress with intricate patterns and sheer panels walks confidently down the yellow carpet. She has her hair styled up, accessorized with earrings that catch the light as she moves. Her dress flows elegantly behind her, suggesting movement through the crowd. In the background, other guests can be seen mingling or walking by, some wearing suits while others are in more casual wear. The environment is lively yet orderly, typical for such high-profile events. Buildings with classical architecture line the street, adding to the grandeur of the occasion. Bright lights illuminate the area, casting reflections on surfaces and highlighting the excitement of the moment.",joker premiere red carpet event,8
733,244,MdCCJUTmqe0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdCCJUTmqe0,"The video captures a vibrant red carpet event, likely at the premiere of 'Joker'. The setting is bustling with activity; attendees are dressed in formal attire. A woman in a long, dark dress with intricate patterns and sheer panels walks confidently down the yellow carpet. She has her hair styled up, accessorized with earrings that catch the light as she moves. Her dress flows elegantly behind her, suggesting movement through the crowd. In the background, other guests can be seen mingling or walking by, some wearing suits while others are in more casual wear. The environment is lively yet orderly, typical for such high-profile events. Buildings with classical architecture line the street, adding to the grandeur of the occasion. Bright lights illuminate the area, casting reflections on surfaces and highlighting the excitement of the moment.",woman in long dark dress walking yellow carpet,8
734,244,MdCCJUTmqe0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdCCJUTmqe0,"The video captures a vibrant red carpet event, likely at the premiere of 'Joker'. The setting is bustling with activity; attendees are dressed in formal attire. A woman in a long, dark dress with intricate patterns and sheer panels walks confidently down the yellow carpet. She has her hair styled up, accessorized with earrings that catch the light as she moves. Her dress flows elegantly behind her, suggesting movement through the crowd. In the background, other guests can be seen mingling or walking by, some wearing suits while others are in more casual wear. The environment is lively yet orderly, typical for such high-profile events. Buildings with classical architecture line the street, adding to the grandeur of the occasion. Bright lights illuminate the area, casting reflections on surfaces and highlighting the excitement of the moment.",formal guests mingling at joker red carpet,8
735,245,xXHyRQaZfu8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXHyRQaZfu8,"The video opens with a character in a blue and red suit, likely a superhero, standing outside a house. The scene shifts to show another character in similar attire approaching the car door. A third character joins them at the car's open window. Inside the vehicle, we see a person wearing a brown leather jacket and gloves, seemingly operating something inside the car. Suddenly, an explosion occurs from behind the driver's seat, causing chaos as objects fly around. The characters react quickly; one looks surprised while others seem focused on their situation. The environment is residential with houses visible in the background. Colors are muted except for the bright colors of the characters' suits.",Blue and Red Suit Superhero Car Explosion,51
736,245,xXHyRQaZfu8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXHyRQaZfu8,"The video opens with a character in a blue and red suit, likely a superhero, standing outside a house. The scene shifts to show another character in similar attire approaching the car door. A third character joins them at the car's open window. Inside the vehicle, we see a person wearing a brown leather jacket and gloves, seemingly operating something inside the car. Suddenly, an explosion occurs from behind the driver's seat, causing chaos as objects fly around. The characters react quickly; one looks surprised while others seem focused on their situation. The environment is residential with houses visible in the background. Colors are muted except for the bright colors of the characters' suits.",Superhero Car Interior Explosion with Leather Jacket Operator,51
737,245,xXHyRQaZfu8.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXHyRQaZfu8,"The video opens with a character in a blue and red suit, likely a superhero, standing outside a house. The scene shifts to show another character in similar attire approaching the car door. A third character joins them at the car's open window. Inside the vehicle, we see a person wearing a brown leather jacket and gloves, seemingly operating something inside the car. Suddenly, an explosion occurs from behind the driver's seat, causing chaos as objects fly around. The characters react quickly; one looks surprised while others seem focused on their situation. The environment is residential with houses visible in the background. Colors are muted except for the bright colors of the characters' suits.",Residential Car Explosion with Superhero Suits,51
738,246,VQ8jXzV9TTA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQ8jXzV9TTA,"The video starts with a close-up of a large, black and yellow candy dispenser filled with various colorful candies. The text 'Let's make candy salad!' appears on the screen as the camera zooms in to show more details of the candies inside. Next, we see hands picking up different types of candies from clear containers labeled 'Step 1: Pick your candies.' These include gummy bears, M&M's, and other assorted sweets. The scene transitions to Step 2 where these candies are combined into one container by pouring them onto the dispenser. In Step 3, the candies are mixed together before being added back into the dispenser for Step 4, which is indicated by the text 'EAT!'. The final frame shows the fully loaded dispenser ready for use.",candy salad making tutorial,17
739,246,VQ8jXzV9TTA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQ8jXzV9TTA,"The video starts with a close-up of a large, black and yellow candy dispenser filled with various colorful candies. The text 'Let's make candy salad!' appears on the screen as the camera zooms in to show more details of the candies inside. Next, we see hands picking up different types of candies from clear containers labeled 'Step 1: Pick your candies.' These include gummy bears, M&M's, and other assorted sweets. The scene transitions to Step 2 where these candies are combined into one container by pouring them onto the dispenser. In Step 3, the candies are mixed together before being added back into the dispenser for Step 4, which is indicated by the text 'EAT!'. The final frame shows the fully loaded dispenser ready for use.",mixing gummy bears and M&M's for candy salad,17
740,246,VQ8jXzV9TTA.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQ8jXzV9TTA,"The video starts with a close-up of a large, black and yellow candy dispenser filled with various colorful candies. The text 'Let's make candy salad!' appears on the screen as the camera zooms in to show more details of the candies inside. Next, we see hands picking up different types of candies from clear containers labeled 'Step 1: Pick your candies.' These include gummy bears, M&M's, and other assorted sweets. The scene transitions to Step 2 where these candies are combined into one container by pouring them onto the dispenser. In Step 3, the candies are mixed together before being added back into the dispenser for Step 4, which is indicated by the text 'EAT!'. The final frame shows the fully loaded dispenser ready for use.",loading candies into a large candy dispenser,17
741,247,hawBF0TGlXs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hawBF0TGlXs,"The video features a man standing on what appears to be the red carpet at an event, likely related to 'Thor: The Dark World' given the backdrop. He is dressed in a smart-casual manner with a light blue suit and tie paired with dark shoes. His hands are casually tucked into his pockets as he stands confidently against a black background that prominently displays the movie's title in large yellow letters. There's also a small star-shaped object placed on the ground near his feet. The lighting suggests it might be evening or night time due to the artificial lights reflecting off the shiny surface of the carpet.",Thor Dark World red carpet event,10
742,247,hawBF0TGlXs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hawBF0TGlXs,"The video features a man standing on what appears to be the red carpet at an event, likely related to 'Thor: The Dark World' given the backdrop. He is dressed in a smart-casual manner with a light blue suit and tie paired with dark shoes. His hands are casually tucked into his pockets as he stands confidently against a black background that prominently displays the movie's title in large yellow letters. There's also a small star-shaped object placed on the ground near his feet. The lighting suggests it might be evening or night time due to the artificial lights reflecting off the shiny surface of the carpet.",light blue suit at Thor: The Dark World premiere,10
743,247,hawBF0TGlXs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hawBF0TGlXs,"The video features a man standing on what appears to be the red carpet at an event, likely related to 'Thor: The Dark World' given the backdrop. He is dressed in a smart-casual manner with a light blue suit and tie paired with dark shoes. His hands are casually tucked into his pockets as he stands confidently against a black background that prominently displays the movie's title in large yellow letters. There's also a small star-shaped object placed on the ground near his feet. The lighting suggests it might be evening or night time due to the artificial lights reflecting off the shiny surface of the carpet.",star-shaped prop on red carpet at Thor event,10
744,248,0bwUZQpl5tQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bwUZQpl5tQ,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a red top, transitioning to a medium shot of another person wearing a beige sweater and gold necklace. The scene shifts to a cityscape at night where a character is seen from behind, followed by a close-up of the same character's face illuminated by bright lights. A voice-over expresses excitement about getting heavy hitting introduction for their story. The next frame shows a character in full armor standing confidently against a dark background. Subsequently, there are shots of hands working on mechanical parts, suggesting assembly or repair work. Another frame features a character in a hooded outfit looking determinedly ahead. The final frames depict a character in metallic armor engaging in combat action outdoors at night, showcasing dynamic movements and sparks flying as they fight.",red top cityscape night intro,32
745,248,0bwUZQpl5tQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bwUZQpl5tQ,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a red top, transitioning to a medium shot of another person wearing a beige sweater and gold necklace. The scene shifts to a cityscape at night where a character is seen from behind, followed by a close-up of the same character's face illuminated by bright lights. A voice-over expresses excitement about getting heavy hitting introduction for their story. The next frame shows a character in full armor standing confidently against a dark background. Subsequently, there are shots of hands working on mechanical parts, suggesting assembly or repair work. Another frame features a character in a hooded outfit looking determinedly ahead. The final frames depict a character in metallic armor engaging in combat action outdoors at night, showcasing dynamic movements and sparks flying as they fight.",metallic armor combat sparks,32
746,248,0bwUZQpl5tQ.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bwUZQpl5tQ,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a red top, transitioning to a medium shot of another person wearing a beige sweater and gold necklace. The scene shifts to a cityscape at night where a character is seen from behind, followed by a close-up of the same character's face illuminated by bright lights. A voice-over expresses excitement about getting heavy hitting introduction for their story. The next frame shows a character in full armor standing confidently against a dark background. Subsequently, there are shots of hands working on mechanical parts, suggesting assembly or repair work. Another frame features a character in a hooded outfit looking determinedly ahead. The final frames depict a character in metallic armor engaging in combat action outdoors at night, showcasing dynamic movements and sparks flying as they fight.",mechanical parts assembly hands,32
747,249,aYU4Yn3kc28.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYU4Yn3kc28,"The video opens with a title card for 'Infinite Saga' from Marvel Studios, indicating it's the first trailer. It transitions to an indoor setting where people are seen walking and conversing in what appears to be a lobby or hallway of a building. The environment is well-lit with artificial lighting, suggesting an indoor event space. A person wearing a red shirt stands against a backdrop featuring logos related to 'Infinite Saga.' Another scene shows two individuals standing together; one wears a black dress while the other has curly hair. There's also footage of someone sitting at a table with a menu, followed by a dimly lit room filled with audience members watching something on large screens. The final frame displays promotional material for 'Infinite Saga,' including release dates and cast information.",Infinite Saga trailer lobby scene,32
748,249,aYU4Yn3kc28.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYU4Yn3kc28,"The video opens with a title card for 'Infinite Saga' from Marvel Studios, indicating it's the first trailer. It transitions to an indoor setting where people are seen walking and conversing in what appears to be a lobby or hallway of a building. The environment is well-lit with artificial lighting, suggesting an indoor event space. A person wearing a red shirt stands against a backdrop featuring logos related to 'Infinite Saga.' Another scene shows two individuals standing together; one wears a black dress while the other has curly hair. There's also footage of someone sitting at a table with a menu, followed by a dimly lit room filled with audience members watching something on large screens. The final frame displays promotional material for 'Infinite Saga,' including release dates and cast information.",Infinite Saga red shirt promotional scene,32
749,249,aYU4Yn3kc28.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYU4Yn3kc28,"The video opens with a title card for 'Infinite Saga' from Marvel Studios, indicating it's the first trailer. It transitions to an indoor setting where people are seen walking and conversing in what appears to be a lobby or hallway of a building. The environment is well-lit with artificial lighting, suggesting an indoor event space. A person wearing a red shirt stands against a backdrop featuring logos related to 'Infinite Saga.' Another scene shows two individuals standing together; one wears a black dress while the other has curly hair. There's also footage of someone sitting at a table with a menu, followed by a dimly lit room filled with audience members watching something on large screens. The final frame displays promotional material for 'Infinite Saga,' including release dates and cast information.",Infinite Saga audience watching large screens,32
750,250,1eOzJ75eXjU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eOzJ75eXjU,"The video opens with a title card for 'Fanthasy Violence Mid Language' from the game ESRB. It transitions to an animated sequence featuring characters in action poses, including a raccoon-like creature and a muscular green-skinned character. The environment shifts between various settings such as rocky terrain, futuristic hangar-like structures, and outdoor battlefields. Explosions and combat sequences are depicted, showcasing dynamic movements like flying through the air and engaging in hand-to-hand combat. The color palette ranges from vibrant greens and oranges to dark grays and blues, emphasizing the intensity of the battles. The final frames display a promotional image for 'Marvel Cosmics Invasion,' highlighting iconic Marvel characters against a cosmic backdrop, suggesting a high-energy crossover event.",Fanthasy Violence animated battle sequence,56
751,250,1eOzJ75eXjU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eOzJ75eXjU,"The video opens with a title card for 'Fanthasy Violence Mid Language' from the game ESRB. It transitions to an animated sequence featuring characters in action poses, including a raccoon-like creature and a muscular green-skinned character. The environment shifts between various settings such as rocky terrain, futuristic hangar-like structures, and outdoor battlefields. Explosions and combat sequences are depicted, showcasing dynamic movements like flying through the air and engaging in hand-to-hand combat. The color palette ranges from vibrant greens and oranges to dark grays and blues, emphasizing the intensity of the battles. The final frames display a promotional image for 'Marvel Cosmics Invasion,' highlighting iconic Marvel characters against a cosmic backdrop, suggesting a high-energy crossover event.",raccoon-like creature vs green-skinned character fight,56
752,250,1eOzJ75eXjU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eOzJ75eXjU,"The video opens with a title card for 'Fanthasy Violence Mid Language' from the game ESRB. It transitions to an animated sequence featuring characters in action poses, including a raccoon-like creature and a muscular green-skinned character. The environment shifts between various settings such as rocky terrain, futuristic hangar-like structures, and outdoor battlefields. Explosions and combat sequences are depicted, showcasing dynamic movements like flying through the air and engaging in hand-to-hand combat. The color palette ranges from vibrant greens and oranges to dark grays and blues, emphasizing the intensity of the battles. The final frames display a promotional image for 'Marvel Cosmics Invasion,' highlighting iconic Marvel characters against a cosmic backdrop, suggesting a high-energy crossover event.",Marvel Cosmic Invasion promotional trailer,56
753,251,Q30Kr9vhwLg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q30Kr9vhwLg,"The video opens with a title card reading '3 EPISODE SERIES PREMIERE' against an urban night backdrop, suggesting the start of a new series. The scene shifts to a dimly lit room where a character in casual attire stands confidently; it's followed by close-ups of robotic hands and feet moving swiftly, indicating advanced technology or machinery. Another shot shows a person wearing headphones, hinting at communication or control over the machine. A dynamic action sequence follows as characters engage in combat within what appears to be a high-tech environment filled with mechanical elements. The lighting is dramatic, emphasizing intensity and urgency. The final frame features bold text announcing 'IRON HEART ORIGINAL SERIES NOW STREAMING,' signaling the release date for this particular series on Disney+.",iron heart original series premiere,18
754,251,Q30Kr9vhwLg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q30Kr9vhwLg,"The video opens with a title card reading '3 EPISODE SERIES PREMIERE' against an urban night backdrop, suggesting the start of a new series. The scene shifts to a dimly lit room where a character in casual attire stands confidently; it's followed by close-ups of robotic hands and feet moving swiftly, indicating advanced technology or machinery. Another shot shows a person wearing headphones, hinting at communication or control over the machine. A dynamic action sequence follows as characters engage in combat within what appears to be a high-tech environment filled with mechanical elements. The lighting is dramatic, emphasizing intensity and urgency. The final frame features bold text announcing 'IRON HEART ORIGINAL SERIES NOW STREAMING,' signaling the release date for this particular series on Disney+.",iron heart high-tech combat scene,18
755,251,Q30Kr9vhwLg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q30Kr9vhwLg,"The video opens with a title card reading '3 EPISODE SERIES PREMIERE' against an urban night backdrop, suggesting the start of a new series. The scene shifts to a dimly lit room where a character in casual attire stands confidently; it's followed by close-ups of robotic hands and feet moving swiftly, indicating advanced technology or machinery. Another shot shows a person wearing headphones, hinting at communication or control over the machine. A dynamic action sequence follows as characters engage in combat within what appears to be a high-tech environment filled with mechanical elements. The lighting is dramatic, emphasizing intensity and urgency. The final frame features bold text announcing 'IRON HEART ORIGINAL SERIES NOW STREAMING,' signaling the release date for this particular series on Disney+.",robotic hands in iron heart,18
756,252,Od_sRQitWnw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Od_sRQitWnw,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a dark outfit, transitioning to an action-packed scene where characters are engaged in combat. The environment is dynamic and intense, filled with explosions and fast-paced movements suggesting high-stakes action sequences typical of superhero films. There's a sense of urgency as the characters move swiftly through various settings that include urban environments and open landscapes. Bright flashes of light from explosions add to the chaotic atmosphere. Text overlays appear intermittently, possibly indicating dialogue or thematic elements related to the narrative. Colors range from the darker tones of the night scenes to the brighter hues of the daytime shots, creating contrast and visual interest.",dark outfit hero action sequence,22
757,252,Od_sRQitWnw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Od_sRQitWnw,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a dark outfit, transitioning to an action-packed scene where characters are engaged in combat. The environment is dynamic and intense, filled with explosions and fast-paced movements suggesting high-stakes action sequences typical of superhero films. There's a sense of urgency as the characters move swiftly through various settings that include urban environments and open landscapes. Bright flashes of light from explosions add to the chaotic atmosphere. Text overlays appear intermittently, possibly indicating dialogue or thematic elements related to the narrative. Colors range from the darker tones of the night scenes to the brighter hues of the daytime shots, creating contrast and visual interest.",explosions high‑speed urban battle,22
758,252,Od_sRQitWnw.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Od_sRQitWnw,"The video opens with a close-up of a character in a dark outfit, transitioning to an action-packed scene where characters are engaged in combat. The environment is dynamic and intense, filled with explosions and fast-paced movements suggesting high-stakes action sequences typical of superhero films. There's a sense of urgency as the characters move swiftly through various settings that include urban environments and open landscapes. Bright flashes of light from explosions add to the chaotic atmosphere. Text overlays appear intermittently, possibly indicating dialogue or thematic elements related to the narrative. Colors range from the darker tones of the night scenes to the brighter hues of the daytime shots, creating contrast and visual interest.",superhero chase through city at night,22
759,253,hAhvFIxvI7M.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAhvFIxvI7M,"The video opens with a man in a dark shirt standing against a backdrop featuring the iconic Captain America shield. The scene transitions to an outdoor setting where two men, one in a suit and another in casual attire, are seen conversing. A close-up of a muscular individual's chest follows, emphasizing strength or power. Next, we see a character flying through the sky on a jet-like vehicle, suggesting action or escape. Another frame shows a person in tactical gear mid-flight, indicating combat readiness. The final frames depict individuals in suits engaging in what appears to be a high-stakes confrontation, possibly involving weapons or combat maneuvers. Throughout these scenes, there is a consistent theme of heroism and conflict within a superhero narrative context.",Captain America shield man,38
760,253,hAhvFIxvI7M.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAhvFIxvI7M,"The video opens with a man in a dark shirt standing against a backdrop featuring the iconic Captain America shield. The scene transitions to an outdoor setting where two men, one in a suit and another in casual attire, are seen conversing. A close-up of a muscular individual's chest follows, emphasizing strength or power. Next, we see a character flying through the sky on a jet-like vehicle, suggesting action or escape. Another frame shows a person in tactical gear mid-flight, indicating combat readiness. The final frames depict individuals in suits engaging in what appears to be a high-stakes confrontation, possibly involving weapons or combat maneuvers. Throughout these scenes, there is a consistent theme of heroism and conflict within a superhero narrative context.",heroic jet flight,38
761,253,hAhvFIxvI7M.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAhvFIxvI7M,"The video opens with a man in a dark shirt standing against a backdrop featuring the iconic Captain America shield. The scene transitions to an outdoor setting where two men, one in a suit and another in casual attire, are seen conversing. A close-up of a muscular individual's chest follows, emphasizing strength or power. Next, we see a character flying through the sky on a jet-like vehicle, suggesting action or escape. Another frame shows a person in tactical gear mid-flight, indicating combat readiness. The final frames depict individuals in suits engaging in what appears to be a high-stakes confrontation, possibly involving weapons or combat maneuvers. Throughout these scenes, there is a consistent theme of heroism and conflict within a superhero narrative context.",suits confrontation,38
762,254,Oyg-I0IioCs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oyg-I0IioCs,"Two women in elegant black dresses are posing for a photo at what appears to be a film premiere event. The woman on the left is wearing a long, flowing dress with sheer panels and intricate detailing, while the woman on the right has a shorter, more fitted dress with sparkling embellishments. They both have their hair styled up, complementing their formal attire. Behind them, there's a crowd of photographers capturing the moment; some are taking pictures directly from behind the subjects, others are positioned higher up, possibly using tripods or cameras mounted on stands. A banner reading 'COOL BRITANNIA' hangs above them, indicating the name of the event or movie being promoted. The environment suggests an indoor setting with artificial lighting that casts soft shadows around the subjects.",Cool Britannia premiere photos,5
763,254,Oyg-I0IioCs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oyg-I0IioCs,"Two women in elegant black dresses are posing for a photo at what appears to be a film premiere event. The woman on the left is wearing a long, flowing dress with sheer panels and intricate detailing, while the woman on the right has a shorter, more fitted dress with sparkling embellishments. They both have their hair styled up, complementing their formal attire. Behind them, there's a crowd of photographers capturing the moment; some are taking pictures directly from behind the subjects, others are positioned higher up, possibly using tripods or cameras mounted on stands. A banner reading 'COOL BRITANNIA' hangs above them, indicating the name of the event or movie being promoted. The environment suggests an indoor setting with artificial lighting that casts soft shadows around the subjects.",women in black dresses at Cool Britannia event,5
764,254,Oyg-I0IioCs.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oyg-I0IioCs,"Two women in elegant black dresses are posing for a photo at what appears to be a film premiere event. The woman on the left is wearing a long, flowing dress with sheer panels and intricate detailing, while the woman on the right has a shorter, more fitted dress with sparkling embellishments. They both have their hair styled up, complementing their formal attire. Behind them, there's a crowd of photographers capturing the moment; some are taking pictures directly from behind the subjects, others are positioned higher up, possibly using tripods or cameras mounted on stands. A banner reading 'COOL BRITANNIA' hangs above them, indicating the name of the event or movie being promoted. The environment suggests an indoor setting with artificial lighting that casts soft shadows around the subjects.",photo shoot of Cool Britannia film premiere,5
765,255,H2h8Djak8v4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2h8Djak8v4,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in distress, followed by scenes from the movie 'Black Panther Wakanda Forever.' The narrative shifts to a character named Ryan Coogler working on machinery. A scene shows a car covered in a blue cloth with a flag design, implying a significant event or reveal. Another frame depicts two characters standing side by side; one is wearing a patterned jacket and the other has braided hair. Subsequent frames show individuals engaged in intense physical activity, suggesting action-packed moments within the film. One frame features a person in a dark outfit holding what appears to be a weapon, while another displays a menacing figure in armor. The final shot reveals a cityscape at night with bright lights, indicating a bustling urban environment.",Black Panther Wakanda Forever action scenes,31
766,255,H2h8Djak8v4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2h8Djak8v4,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in distress, followed by scenes from the movie 'Black Panther Wakanda Forever.' The narrative shifts to a character named Ryan Coogler working on machinery. A scene shows a car covered in a blue cloth with a flag design, implying a significant event or reveal. Another frame depicts two characters standing side by side; one is wearing a patterned jacket and the other has braided hair. Subsequent frames show individuals engaged in intense physical activity, suggesting action-packed moments within the film. One frame features a person in a dark outfit holding what appears to be a weapon, while another displays a menacing figure in armor. The final shot reveals a cityscape at night with bright lights, indicating a bustling urban environment.",Ryan Coogler machinery scene,31
767,255,H2h8Djak8v4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2h8Djak8v4,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in distress, followed by scenes from the movie 'Black Panther Wakanda Forever.' The narrative shifts to a character named Ryan Coogler working on machinery. A scene shows a car covered in a blue cloth with a flag design, implying a significant event or reveal. Another frame depicts two characters standing side by side; one is wearing a patterned jacket and the other has braided hair. Subsequent frames show individuals engaged in intense physical activity, suggesting action-packed moments within the film. One frame features a person in a dark outfit holding what appears to be a weapon, while another displays a menacing figure in armor. The final shot reveals a cityscape at night with bright lights, indicating a bustling urban environment.",Blue cloth car reveal in Black Panther,31
768,256,A2_gUHEWGhc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2_gUHEWGhc,"The video opens with a dramatic title card reading 'ANTHONY MACKIE SHINES' against a dark background, followed by another title card stating 'THRILLING' and then 'TRIUMPHANT'. The scene shifts to an action-packed sequence where characters are seen in combat. A character is shown flying through the air amidst clouds of smoke, suggesting high-speed movement or escape. Another frame shows two individuals inside what appears to be a dimly lit room filled with various objects like posters and equipment, indicating a clandestine operation or planning session. There's also footage of a person holding a gun, implying surveillance or security measures. The final frames depict a large-scale event with people gathered behind a fence; one individual stands out due to their size compared to others.",Anthony Mackie flying through smoke,31
769,256,A2_gUHEWGhc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2_gUHEWGhc,"The video opens with a dramatic title card reading 'ANTHONY MACKIE SHINES' against a dark background, followed by another title card stating 'THRILLING' and then 'TRIUMPHANT'. The scene shifts to an action-packed sequence where characters are seen in combat. A character is shown flying through the air amidst clouds of smoke, suggesting high-speed movement or escape. Another frame shows two individuals inside what appears to be a dimly lit room filled with various objects like posters and equipment, indicating a clandestine operation or planning session. There's also footage of a person holding a gun, implying surveillance or security measures. The final frames depict a large-scale event with people gathered behind a fence; one individual stands out due to their size compared to others.",Anthony Mackie dimly lit planning room,31
770,256,A2_gUHEWGhc.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2_gUHEWGhc,"The video opens with a dramatic title card reading 'ANTHONY MACKIE SHINES' against a dark background, followed by another title card stating 'THRILLING' and then 'TRIUMPHANT'. The scene shifts to an action-packed sequence where characters are seen in combat. A character is shown flying through the air amidst clouds of smoke, suggesting high-speed movement or escape. Another frame shows two individuals inside what appears to be a dimly lit room filled with various objects like posters and equipment, indicating a clandestine operation or planning session. There's also footage of a person holding a gun, implying surveillance or security measures. The final frames depict a large-scale event with people gathered behind a fence; one individual stands out due to their size compared to others.",Anthony Mackie crowd event behind fence,31
771,257,4KOIRMM9CBo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KOIRMM9CBo,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a dark setting, transitioning to another person holding a lit candle. The scene shifts to a group of people gathered around a table, hands joined together forming a circle, suggesting unity or ritualistic activity. A close-up follows of the same hand gesture on a wooden surface, emphasizing the significance of this action. The environment is dimly lit and eerie, creating suspenseful atmosphere. Subsequent frames show individuals in different settings: one sitting alone at night; another standing against a backdrop that suggests isolation or danger; and finally, a figure walking through what appears to be a haunted house. Throughout these scenes, there's a consistent use of shadows and low-key lighting which adds to the ominous tone of the narrative.",hand circle ritual at table,24
772,257,4KOIRMM9CBo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KOIRMM9CBo,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a dark setting, transitioning to another person holding a lit candle. The scene shifts to a group of people gathered around a table, hands joined together forming a circle, suggesting unity or ritualistic activity. A close-up follows of the same hand gesture on a wooden surface, emphasizing the significance of this action. The environment is dimly lit and eerie, creating suspenseful atmosphere. Subsequent frames show individuals in different settings: one sitting alone at night; another standing against a backdrop that suggests isolation or danger; and finally, a figure walking through what appears to be a haunted house. Throughout these scenes, there's a consistent use of shadows and low-key lighting which adds to the ominous tone of the narrative.",person holding lit candle,24
773,257,4KOIRMM9CBo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KOIRMM9CBo,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in a dark setting, transitioning to another person holding a lit candle. The scene shifts to a group of people gathered around a table, hands joined together forming a circle, suggesting unity or ritualistic activity. A close-up follows of the same hand gesture on a wooden surface, emphasizing the significance of this action. The environment is dimly lit and eerie, creating suspenseful atmosphere. Subsequent frames show individuals in different settings: one sitting alone at night; another standing against a backdrop that suggests isolation or danger; and finally, a figure walking through what appears to be a haunted house. Throughout these scenes, there's a consistent use of shadows and low-key lighting which adds to the ominous tone of the narrative.",person walking haunted house,24
774,258,Zt0XJkMbrVg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zt0XJkMbrVg,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape at dusk, transitioning to an interior scene where characters are seated in what appears to be a control room or office. The environment is dimly lit, suggesting secrecy or tension. A character stands alone against a backdrop of the city skyline, emphasizing isolation and contemplation. Another frame shows two individuals sitting closely together, one holding a gun, indicating a tense situation. Subsequent frames depict various scenes including a person standing on a rooftop overlooking a city, another character lying injured on the ground, and a group of people gathered around a table engaged in conversation. The color palette throughout these shots ranges from dark blues and greys to warmer tones like orange and red, conveying different atmospheres of urgency and conflict.",cityscape dusk control room interior,46
775,258,Zt0XJkMbrVg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zt0XJkMbrVg,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape at dusk, transitioning to an interior scene where characters are seated in what appears to be a control room or office. The environment is dimly lit, suggesting secrecy or tension. A character stands alone against a backdrop of the city skyline, emphasizing isolation and contemplation. Another frame shows two individuals sitting closely together, one holding a gun, indicating a tense situation. Subsequent frames depict various scenes including a person standing on a rooftop overlooking a city, another character lying injured on the ground, and a group of people gathered around a table engaged in conversation. The color palette throughout these shots ranges from dark blues and greys to warmer tones like orange and red, conveying different atmospheres of urgency and conflict.",isolated character standing against city skyline,46
776,258,Zt0XJkMbrVg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zt0XJkMbrVg,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape at dusk, transitioning to an interior scene where characters are seated in what appears to be a control room or office. The environment is dimly lit, suggesting secrecy or tension. A character stands alone against a backdrop of the city skyline, emphasizing isolation and contemplation. Another frame shows two individuals sitting closely together, one holding a gun, indicating a tense situation. Subsequent frames depict various scenes including a person standing on a rooftop overlooking a city, another character lying injured on the ground, and a group of people gathered around a table engaged in conversation. The color palette throughout these shots ranges from dark blues and greys to warmer tones like orange and red, conveying different atmospheres of urgency and conflict.",gun in hand tense conversation on table,46
777,259,ACDkEctdQs0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACDkEctdQs0,"The video features a conversation between two characters, one in a red and gold armored suit with the word 'ME' on their chest, indicating they are likely Tony Stark from Marvel. The other character is dressed in dark clothing with a mask covering part of his face. They appear to be having an intense discussion about someone named Marcus who was killed by another character named Rogers. The environment suggests a high-tech setting, possibly inside a spaceship or military base due to the metallic structures and futuristic design elements visible in the background. The lighting is dim but focused on the characters, highlighting their expressions as they engage in this serious dialogue.",Tony Stark discussing Marcus’s death,23
778,259,ACDkEctdQs0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACDkEctdQs0,"The video features a conversation between two characters, one in a red and gold armored suit with the word 'ME' on their chest, indicating they are likely Tony Stark from Marvel. The other character is dressed in dark clothing with a mask covering part of his face. They appear to be having an intense discussion about someone named Marcus who was killed by another character named Rogers. The environment suggests a high-tech setting, possibly inside a spaceship or military base due to the metallic structures and futuristic design elements visible in the background. The lighting is dim but focused on the characters, highlighting their expressions as they engage in this serious dialogue.",Stark and masked officer debate Marcus killed by Rogers,23
779,259,ACDkEctdQs0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACDkEctdQs0,"The video features a conversation between two characters, one in a red and gold armored suit with the word 'ME' on their chest, indicating they are likely Tony Stark from Marvel. The other character is dressed in dark clothing with a mask covering part of his face. They appear to be having an intense discussion about someone named Marcus who was killed by another character named Rogers. The environment suggests a high-tech setting, possibly inside a spaceship or military base due to the metallic structures and futuristic design elements visible in the background. The lighting is dim but focused on the characters, highlighting their expressions as they engage in this serious dialogue.",High‑tech ship conversation about Marcus and Rogers,23
780,260,8fSMd_fh5NM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fSMd_fh5NM,"The video features a split-screen comparison of two different scenes. On the top half, we see an action sequence from 'In Oklahoma' where characters are engaged in combat with swords and shields on what appears to be a film set or studio environment. The bottom half shows another scene from 'BTS of Okayes's Bridge Fight with Dania Guriara,' featuring a character in red performing martial arts moves against multiple opponents. Both sequences depict intense physical confrontations between individuals wielding weapons. The lighting is consistent across both halves, suggesting they were filmed simultaneously at the same location. Colors vary slightly due to the different settings; one has more vibrant colors typical of a movie production, while the other has cooler tones indicative of a night-time setting.",In Oklahoma sword shield fight,29
781,260,8fSMd_fh5NM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fSMd_fh5NM,"The video features a split-screen comparison of two different scenes. On the top half, we see an action sequence from 'In Oklahoma' where characters are engaged in combat with swords and shields on what appears to be a film set or studio environment. The bottom half shows another scene from 'BTS of Okayes's Bridge Fight with Dania Guriara,' featuring a character in red performing martial arts moves against multiple opponents. Both sequences depict intense physical confrontations between individuals wielding weapons. The lighting is consistent across both halves, suggesting they were filmed simultaneously at the same location. Colors vary slightly due to the different settings; one has more vibrant colors typical of a movie production, while the other has cooler tones indicative of a night-time setting.",BTS Okayes Bridge Fight Dania Guriara red martial arts,29
782,260,8fSMd_fh5NM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fSMd_fh5NM,"The video features a split-screen comparison of two different scenes. On the top half, we see an action sequence from 'In Oklahoma' where characters are engaged in combat with swords and shields on what appears to be a film set or studio environment. The bottom half shows another scene from 'BTS of Okayes's Bridge Fight with Dania Guriara,' featuring a character in red performing martial arts moves against multiple opponents. Both sequences depict intense physical confrontations between individuals wielding weapons. The lighting is consistent across both halves, suggesting they were filmed simultaneously at the same location. Colors vary slightly due to the different settings; one has more vibrant colors typical of a movie production, while the other has cooler tones indicative of a night-time setting.",Split-screen sword and martial arts battle,29
783,261,YEP9fDsAQcg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEP9fDsAQcg,"The video features a character resembling Groot, a tree-like alien from the Guardians of the Galaxy franchise. The first frame shows him in a serene environment with flowers and foliage, looking up at something above him. In the second frame, he is submerged in water surrounded by vibrant colors like purple and blue, suggesting an underwater setting or a magical pool. His expression changes to one of surprise as he looks upwards again. The third frame captures his head covered in chocolate sauce, indicating some form of playful mishap or transformation. Finally, we see him back in the water, now wearing goggles that reflect light, possibly signifying a change in mood or situation. Throughout these frames, text overlays read 'sorry, already have plans,' hinting at a humorous or resigned attitude towards future events.",Groot underwater chocolate sauce mishap,17
784,261,YEP9fDsAQcg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEP9fDsAQcg,"The video features a character resembling Groot, a tree-like alien from the Guardians of the Galaxy franchise. The first frame shows him in a serene environment with flowers and foliage, looking up at something above him. In the second frame, he is submerged in water surrounded by vibrant colors like purple and blue, suggesting an underwater setting or a magical pool. His expression changes to one of surprise as he looks upwards again. The third frame captures his head covered in chocolate sauce, indicating some form of playful mishap or transformation. Finally, we see him back in the water, now wearing goggles that reflect light, possibly signifying a change in mood or situation. Throughout these frames, text overlays read 'sorry, already have plans,' hinting at a humorous or resigned attitude towards future events.",Groot wearing goggles in water,17
785,261,YEP9fDsAQcg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEP9fDsAQcg,"The video features a character resembling Groot, a tree-like alien from the Guardians of the Galaxy franchise. The first frame shows him in a serene environment with flowers and foliage, looking up at something above him. In the second frame, he is submerged in water surrounded by vibrant colors like purple and blue, suggesting an underwater setting or a magical pool. His expression changes to one of surprise as he looks upwards again. The third frame captures his head covered in chocolate sauce, indicating some form of playful mishap or transformation. Finally, we see him back in the water, now wearing goggles that reflect light, possibly signifying a change in mood or situation. Throughout these frames, text overlays read 'sorry, already have plans,' hinting at a humorous or resigned attitude towards future events.",Groot surrounded by flowers and foliage,17
786,262,IK4MeXAIPw4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IK4MeXAIPw4,"The video begins with a close-up of a black and yellow mask-like object, resembling a character's face. The text 'Let's save a plant!' appears at the top, setting an engaging tone for the viewer. A gloved hand then places soil into the mouth area of the mask, indicating the first step in planting a plant. Next, a red flower is inserted into the soil-filled mask, symbolizing the second step. Finally, water is poured from a red watering can onto the base of the plant, completing the third step. Throughout these actions, the background remains plain white to keep focus on the process. The final frame shows the fully planted plant with vibrant red flowers standing upright within the mask, signifying success.",planting a red flower in a mask,21
787,262,IK4MeXAIPw4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IK4MeXAIPw4,"The video begins with a close-up of a black and yellow mask-like object, resembling a character's face. The text 'Let's save a plant!' appears at the top, setting an engaging tone for the viewer. A gloved hand then places soil into the mouth area of the mask, indicating the first step in planting a plant. Next, a red flower is inserted into the soil-filled mask, symbolizing the second step. Finally, water is poured from a red watering can onto the base of the plant, completing the third step. Throughout these actions, the background remains plain white to keep focus on the process. The final frame shows the fully planted plant with vibrant red flowers standing upright within the mask, signifying success.",watering plant in a mask,21
788,262,IK4MeXAIPw4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IK4MeXAIPw4,"The video begins with a close-up of a black and yellow mask-like object, resembling a character's face. The text 'Let's save a plant!' appears at the top, setting an engaging tone for the viewer. A gloved hand then places soil into the mouth area of the mask, indicating the first step in planting a plant. Next, a red flower is inserted into the soil-filled mask, symbolizing the second step. Finally, water is poured from a red watering can onto the base of the plant, completing the third step. Throughout these actions, the background remains plain white to keep focus on the process. The final frame shows the fully planted plant with vibrant red flowers standing upright within the mask, signifying success.",black and yellow mask plant tutorial,21
789,263,dbN81kHvyU0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbN81kHvyU0,"The video clip appears to be from a promotional or behind-the-scenes segment for the movie 'Thor: Ragnarok'. It features various characters in different settings, suggesting action and adventure. The first frame shows a character with long hair wearing a dark outfit against an urban backdrop. In the second frame, two characters are seen inside what looks like a vehicle; one is dressed in black while the other wears a red and white costume with a star emblem. The third frame depicts another scene where individuals in tactical gear are engaged in conversation within a dimly lit environment that suggests secrecy or high-stakes situations. The final frames show a large truck speeding down a road followed by explosions on tall buildings, indicating intense combat scenes.",Thor: Ragnarok long-haired dark outfit in city,16
790,263,dbN81kHvyU0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbN81kHvyU0,"The video clip appears to be from a promotional or behind-the-scenes segment for the movie 'Thor: Ragnarok'. It features various characters in different settings, suggesting action and adventure. The first frame shows a character with long hair wearing a dark outfit against an urban backdrop. In the second frame, two characters are seen inside what looks like a vehicle; one is dressed in black while the other wears a red and white costume with a star emblem. The third frame depicts another scene where individuals in tactical gear are engaged in conversation within a dimly lit environment that suggests secrecy or high-stakes situations. The final frames show a large truck speeding down a road followed by explosions on tall buildings, indicating intense combat scenes.",Thor: Ragnarok vehicle interior with black and red‑white star costume,16
791,263,dbN81kHvyU0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbN81kHvyU0,"The video clip appears to be from a promotional or behind-the-scenes segment for the movie 'Thor: Ragnarok'. It features various characters in different settings, suggesting action and adventure. The first frame shows a character with long hair wearing a dark outfit against an urban backdrop. In the second frame, two characters are seen inside what looks like a vehicle; one is dressed in black while the other wears a red and white costume with a star emblem. The third frame depicts another scene where individuals in tactical gear are engaged in conversation within a dimly lit environment that suggests secrecy or high-stakes situations. The final frames show a large truck speeding down a road followed by explosions on tall buildings, indicating intense combat scenes.",Thor: Ragnarok truck explosion on tall buildings,16
792,264,xjl14j7UW2c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjl14j7UW2c,"The video opens with a close-up of the word 'NOW' in red neon lights, transitioning to an upside-down view of a person's head against a window. The scene shifts to a dimly lit environment where a character is seen from behind, moving through what appears to be a dark alleyway or underground setting. A maniacal figure emerges, wearing a mask and wielding a weapon, suggesting he might be a villain. Another shot shows a character standing on a rooftop at night, illuminated by city lights below. The final frame depicts two characters engaged in combat on a balcony during dusk; one character is thrown off the ledge into the street below. Throughout these scenes, there are glimpses of other characters involved in various activities such as running and fighting.",neon 'NOW' opening scene,31
793,264,xjl14j7UW2c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjl14j7UW2c,"The video opens with a close-up of the word 'NOW' in red neon lights, transitioning to an upside-down view of a person's head against a window. The scene shifts to a dimly lit environment where a character is seen from behind, moving through what appears to be a dark alleyway or underground setting. A maniacal figure emerges, wearing a mask and wielding a weapon, suggesting he might be a villain. Another shot shows a character standing on a rooftop at night, illuminated by city lights below. The final frame depicts two characters engaged in combat on a balcony during dusk; one character is thrown off the ledge into the street below. Throughout these scenes, there are glimpses of other characters involved in various activities such as running and fighting.",masked villain in dark alley attack,31
794,264,xjl14j7UW2c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjl14j7UW2c,"The video opens with a close-up of the word 'NOW' in red neon lights, transitioning to an upside-down view of a person's head against a window. The scene shifts to a dimly lit environment where a character is seen from behind, moving through what appears to be a dark alleyway or underground setting. A maniacal figure emerges, wearing a mask and wielding a weapon, suggesting he might be a villain. Another shot shows a character standing on a rooftop at night, illuminated by city lights below. The final frame depicts two characters engaged in combat on a balcony during dusk; one character is thrown off the ledge into the street below. Throughout these scenes, there are glimpses of other characters involved in various activities such as running and fighting.",balcony fight with character thrown off ledge,31
795,265,sVYm0x5HZpY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVYm0x5HZpY,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape at dusk, focusing on the Petronas Twin Towers. The camera then cuts to an aerial view showcasing the illuminated skyline and surrounding buildings as night falls. A person is seen standing atop one of the towers, looking down at the bustling city below. As the scene progresses, we see close-up shots of the tower's facade displaying 'PETRONAS' in bright yellow letters against the dark sky. The camera pans around the structure, capturing its height and intricate design from various angles. The lighting changes throughout the clip, highlighting different parts of the building and emphasizing the grandeur of the Petronas Twin Towers.",Petronas Twin Towers dusk aerial view,51
796,265,sVYm0x5HZpY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVYm0x5HZpY,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape at dusk, focusing on the Petronas Twin Towers. The camera then cuts to an aerial view showcasing the illuminated skyline and surrounding buildings as night falls. A person is seen standing atop one of the towers, looking down at the bustling city below. As the scene progresses, we see close-up shots of the tower's facade displaying 'PETRONAS' in bright yellow letters against the dark sky. The camera pans around the structure, capturing its height and intricate design from various angles. The lighting changes throughout the clip, highlighting different parts of the building and emphasizing the grandeur of the Petronas Twin Towers.",person standing on Petronas Twin Towers,51
797,265,sVYm0x5HZpY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVYm0x5HZpY,"The video opens with a wide shot of a cityscape at dusk, focusing on the Petronas Twin Towers. The camera then cuts to an aerial view showcasing the illuminated skyline and surrounding buildings as night falls. A person is seen standing atop one of the towers, looking down at the bustling city below. As the scene progresses, we see close-up shots of the tower's facade displaying 'PETRONAS' in bright yellow letters against the dark sky. The camera pans around the structure, capturing its height and intricate design from various angles. The lighting changes throughout the clip, highlighting different parts of the building and emphasizing the grandeur of the Petronas Twin Towers.",Petronas Twin Towers illuminated facade,51
798,266,qUUYIWxELqU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUUYIWxELqU,"The video showcases the creation of a guacamole taco using a unique, black and yellow blender-like device. The first frame displays the finished product: a taco with guacamole on top, surrounded by red tortilla chips in a white bowl. A hand is seen placing the taco into another container filled with more chips. Next, we see hands chopping avocados on a wooden cutting board; they are then added to the blender. Following this, diced tomatoes are poured into the blender. Subsequently, chopped onions are added, followed by green herbs from a small glass bowl. Water is squeezed through a citrus squeezer into the blender. Finally, the ingredients are blended together inside the device. In the last frame, a hand reaches for a tortilla chip from the bowl beside the blender.",guacamole taco making with blender,14
799,266,qUUYIWxELqU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUUYIWxELqU,"The video showcases the creation of a guacamole taco using a unique, black and yellow blender-like device. The first frame displays the finished product: a taco with guacamole on top, surrounded by red tortilla chips in a white bowl. A hand is seen placing the taco into another container filled with more chips. Next, we see hands chopping avocados on a wooden cutting board; they are then added to the blender. Following this, diced tomatoes are poured into the blender. Subsequently, chopped onions are added, followed by green herbs from a small glass bowl. Water is squeezed through a citrus squeezer into the blender. Finally, the ingredients are blended together inside the device. In the last frame, a hand reaches for a tortilla chip from the bowl beside the blender.",black and yellow blender guacamole recipe,14
800,266,qUUYIWxELqU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUUYIWxELqU,"The video showcases the creation of a guacamole taco using a unique, black and yellow blender-like device. The first frame displays the finished product: a taco with guacamole on top, surrounded by red tortilla chips in a white bowl. A hand is seen placing the taco into another container filled with more chips. Next, we see hands chopping avocados on a wooden cutting board; they are then added to the blender. Following this, diced tomatoes are poured into the blender. Subsequently, chopped onions are added, followed by green herbs from a small glass bowl. Water is squeezed through a citrus squeezer into the blender. Finally, the ingredients are blended together inside the device. In the last frame, a hand reaches for a tortilla chip from the bowl beside the blender.",taco with guacamole and tortilla chips recipe,14
801,267,x2mSTkXBUbE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2mSTkXBUbE,"The video opens with a wide shot of three characters walking through a barren, desert-like landscape under bright sunlight. The environment is arid and rocky, suggesting an isolated location. As they walk, the camera follows them from behind as they move forward. Suddenly, one character falls to the ground while another remains standing. This action creates tension in the scene. The next frame shows two characters lying on the ground amidst dry grasses and rocks, looking up at something off-screen. They appear exhausted or surprised by what has just happened. In the following frames, we see more of the expansive desert terrain with rolling hills and distant mountains under clear skies. A car drives past in the background, adding to the sense of isolation and urgency. Finally, a character stands triumphantly near the vehicle, arms raised in victory or relief against the backdrop of rugged cliffs and sparse vegetation.",desert trio walking scene,58
802,267,x2mSTkXBUbE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2mSTkXBUbE,"The video opens with a wide shot of three characters walking through a barren, desert-like landscape under bright sunlight. The environment is arid and rocky, suggesting an isolated location. As they walk, the camera follows them from behind as they move forward. Suddenly, one character falls to the ground while another remains standing. This action creates tension in the scene. The next frame shows two characters lying on the ground amidst dry grasses and rocks, looking up at something off-screen. They appear exhausted or surprised by what has just happened. In the following frames, we see more of the expansive desert terrain with rolling hills and distant mountains under clear skies. A car drives past in the background, adding to the sense of isolation and urgency. Finally, a character stands triumphantly near the vehicle, arms raised in victory or relief against the backdrop of rugged cliffs and sparse vegetation.",character falls in arid landscape,58
803,267,x2mSTkXBUbE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2mSTkXBUbE,"The video opens with a wide shot of three characters walking through a barren, desert-like landscape under bright sunlight. The environment is arid and rocky, suggesting an isolated location. As they walk, the camera follows them from behind as they move forward. Suddenly, one character falls to the ground while another remains standing. This action creates tension in the scene. The next frame shows two characters lying on the ground amidst dry grasses and rocks, looking up at something off-screen. They appear exhausted or surprised by what has just happened. In the following frames, we see more of the expansive desert terrain with rolling hills and distant mountains under clear skies. A car drives past in the background, adding to the sense of isolation and urgency. Finally, a character stands triumphantly near the vehicle, arms raised in victory or relief against the backdrop of rugged cliffs and sparse vegetation.",victory stance near desert car,58
804,268,d-TcFMaEOfY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-TcFMaEOfY,"The video features a woman standing on what appears to be a red carpet at an event, likely related to the 'Thor: Ragnarok' movie. She is wearing a black, strapless gown with intricate lace detailing and embellishments that give it a sparkling effect. The dress has a fitted bodice transitioning into a full skirt that extends behind her. Her hair is styled in loose waves, complementing her poised demeanor as she poses for the camera. In the background, there's a large yellow sign with bold lettering spelling out 'THOR,' indicating the theme of the event or film being promoted. The lighting suggests daytime outdoor conditions, casting soft shadows around the subject.",Thor Ragnarok red carpet woman black strapless gown,10
805,268,d-TcFMaEOfY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-TcFMaEOfY,"The video features a woman standing on what appears to be a red carpet at an event, likely related to the 'Thor: Ragnarok' movie. She is wearing a black, strapless gown with intricate lace detailing and embellishments that give it a sparkling effect. The dress has a fitted bodice transitioning into a full skirt that extends behind her. Her hair is styled in loose waves, complementing her poised demeanor as she poses for the camera. In the background, there's a large yellow sign with bold lettering spelling out 'THOR,' indicating the theme of the event or film being promoted. The lighting suggests daytime outdoor conditions, casting soft shadows around the subject.",Thor Ragnarok event red carpet woman posing,10
806,268,d-TcFMaEOfY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-TcFMaEOfY,"The video features a woman standing on what appears to be a red carpet at an event, likely related to the 'Thor: Ragnarok' movie. She is wearing a black, strapless gown with intricate lace detailing and embellishments that give it a sparkling effect. The dress has a fitted bodice transitioning into a full skirt that extends behind her. Her hair is styled in loose waves, complementing her poised demeanor as she poses for the camera. In the background, there's a large yellow sign with bold lettering spelling out 'THOR,' indicating the theme of the event or film being promoted. The lighting suggests daytime outdoor conditions, casting soft shadows around the subject.",Thor Ragnarok red carpet black lace gown,10
807,269,YorRJ4JhARY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YorRJ4JhARY,"The video features a series of scenes from the premiere event for 'Marvel Television Daredevil' on Disney+. It opens with a man in a grey pinstripe suit standing against a red backdrop, followed by an American flag waving at night. A close-up shows a man's hand wearing a black glove and holding a small object. The scene shifts to a woman in a strapless red dress posing confidently. Another frame displays a man in a brown tweed jacket over a dark shirt. Subsequent frames show various individuals dressed in formal attire, including suits and dresses, engaging in conversation or posing for photos. One individual is seen gesturing while speaking. The final frames include group shots of attendees mingling and taking pictures, concluding with promotional images for the movie featuring the title 'Daredevil' prominently displayed.",Daredevil premiere event Disney+ red backdrop,46
808,269,YorRJ4JhARY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YorRJ4JhARY,"The video features a series of scenes from the premiere event for 'Marvel Television Daredevil' on Disney+. It opens with a man in a grey pinstripe suit standing against a red backdrop, followed by an American flag waving at night. A close-up shows a man's hand wearing a black glove and holding a small object. The scene shifts to a woman in a strapless red dress posing confidently. Another frame displays a man in a brown tweed jacket over a dark shirt. Subsequent frames show various individuals dressed in formal attire, including suits and dresses, engaging in conversation or posing for photos. One individual is seen gesturing while speaking. The final frames include group shots of attendees mingling and taking pictures, concluding with promotional images for the movie featuring the title 'Daredevil' prominently displayed.",Daredevil premiere attendees formal attire photos,46
809,269,YorRJ4JhARY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YorRJ4JhARY,"The video features a series of scenes from the premiere event for 'Marvel Television Daredevil' on Disney+. It opens with a man in a grey pinstripe suit standing against a red backdrop, followed by an American flag waving at night. A close-up shows a man's hand wearing a black glove and holding a small object. The scene shifts to a woman in a strapless red dress posing confidently. Another frame displays a man in a brown tweed jacket over a dark shirt. Subsequent frames show various individuals dressed in formal attire, including suits and dresses, engaging in conversation or posing for photos. One individual is seen gesturing while speaking. The final frames include group shots of attendees mingling and taking pictures, concluding with promotional images for the movie featuring the title 'Daredevil' prominently displayed.",Daredevil promotional images with American flag,46
810,270,0VZiqYH4tes.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VZiqYH4tes,"The video opens with a close-up of hands on a desk, transitioning to a man in a suit holding papers. The scene shifts to a dramatic shot of a character in red attire against a blue background, followed by two characters walking arm-in-arm through an elegant room. A hand is shown gripping the collar of another person's shirt, suggesting tension or conflict. There are shots of a man in a white suit and tie standing confidently, possibly addressing an audience. Another frame shows a newspaper headline about 'FISK GETS THE JOB DONE,' indicating some form of resolution or victory. The final frames depict a man wiping his face with a cloth stained with blood, hinting at violence or injury. Throughout these scenes, there is consistent branding from Disney+.",Disney+ red attire blue background dramatic scene,30
811,270,0VZiqYH4tes.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VZiqYH4tes,"The video opens with a close-up of hands on a desk, transitioning to a man in a suit holding papers. The scene shifts to a dramatic shot of a character in red attire against a blue background, followed by two characters walking arm-in-arm through an elegant room. A hand is shown gripping the collar of another person's shirt, suggesting tension or conflict. There are shots of a man in a white suit and tie standing confidently, possibly addressing an audience. Another frame shows a newspaper headline about 'FISK GETS THE JOB DONE,' indicating some form of resolution or victory. The final frames depict a man wiping his face with a cloth stained with blood, hinting at violence or injury. Throughout these scenes, there is consistent branding from Disney+.",FISK gets the job done news headline scene,30
812,270,0VZiqYH4tes.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VZiqYH4tes,"The video opens with a close-up of hands on a desk, transitioning to a man in a suit holding papers. The scene shifts to a dramatic shot of a character in red attire against a blue background, followed by two characters walking arm-in-arm through an elegant room. A hand is shown gripping the collar of another person's shirt, suggesting tension or conflict. There are shots of a man in a white suit and tie standing confidently, possibly addressing an audience. Another frame shows a newspaper headline about 'FISK GETS THE JOB DONE,' indicating some form of resolution or victory. The final frames depict a man wiping his face with a cloth stained with blood, hinting at violence or injury. Throughout these scenes, there is consistent branding from Disney+.",man wiping bloodstained cloth after fight,30
813,271,0VZiqYH4tes.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VZiqYH4tes,"The video opens with a close-up of hands on a desk, transitioning to a man in a suit holding papers. The scene shifts to a dramatic shot of a character in red attire against a blue background, followed by two characters walking arm-in-arm through an elegant room. A hand is shown gripping the collar of another person's shirt, suggesting tension or conflict. There are shots of a man in a white suit and tie standing confidently, possibly addressing an audience. Another frame shows a newspaper headline about 'FISK GETS THE JOB DONE,' indicating some form of resolution or victory. The final frames depict a man wiping his face with a cloth stained with blood, hinting at violence or injury. Throughout these scenes, there is consistent branding from Disney+.",Fisk gets the job done headline,30
814,271,0VZiqYH4tes.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VZiqYH4tes,"The video opens with a close-up of hands on a desk, transitioning to a man in a suit holding papers. The scene shifts to a dramatic shot of a character in red attire against a blue background, followed by two characters walking arm-in-arm through an elegant room. A hand is shown gripping the collar of another person's shirt, suggesting tension or conflict. There are shots of a man in a white suit and tie standing confidently, possibly addressing an audience. Another frame shows a newspaper headline about 'FISK GETS THE JOB DONE,' indicating some form of resolution or victory. The final frames depict a man wiping his face with a cloth stained with blood, hinting at violence or injury. Throughout these scenes, there is consistent branding from Disney+.",man in red attire against blue background,30
815,271,0VZiqYH4tes.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VZiqYH4tes,"The video opens with a close-up of hands on a desk, transitioning to a man in a suit holding papers. The scene shifts to a dramatic shot of a character in red attire against a blue background, followed by two characters walking arm-in-arm through an elegant room. A hand is shown gripping the collar of another person's shirt, suggesting tension or conflict. There are shots of a man in a white suit and tie standing confidently, possibly addressing an audience. Another frame shows a newspaper headline about 'FISK GETS THE JOB DONE,' indicating some form of resolution or victory. The final frames depict a man wiping his face with a cloth stained with blood, hinting at violence or injury. Throughout these scenes, there is consistent branding from Disney+.",man wiping blood‑stained face,30
816,272,CPyFJ3YnK4A.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPyFJ3YnK4A,"The video opens with a medium shot of an individual in a workshop, surrounded by tools and machinery. The scene transitions to close-ups of hands working on electronic components, followed by a rapid sequence showing various individuals wearing futuristic armor pieces. These scenes are interspersed with text overlays expressing desire for something iconic. A character is seen running through what appears to be a high-tech facility or laboratory. Another frame shows a person in a black shirt gesturing while speaking, suggesting dialogue or narration. The environment throughout the clip is industrial and technologically advanced, filled with metallic surfaces, cables, and complex machinery. Lighting varies from bright workspaces to dimly lit areas emphasizing the intensity of the action. Colors range from muted grays and blacks to vibrant reds and blues, contributing to the overall sci-fi aesthetic.",futuristic armor tech workshop,26
817,272,CPyFJ3YnK4A.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPyFJ3YnK4A,"The video opens with a medium shot of an individual in a workshop, surrounded by tools and machinery. The scene transitions to close-ups of hands working on electronic components, followed by a rapid sequence showing various individuals wearing futuristic armor pieces. These scenes are interspersed with text overlays expressing desire for something iconic. A character is seen running through what appears to be a high-tech facility or laboratory. Another frame shows a person in a black shirt gesturing while speaking, suggesting dialogue or narration. The environment throughout the clip is industrial and technologically advanced, filled with metallic surfaces, cables, and complex machinery. Lighting varies from bright workspaces to dimly lit areas emphasizing the intensity of the action. Colors range from muted grays and blacks to vibrant reds and blues, contributing to the overall sci-fi aesthetic.",high tech facility running sequence,26
818,272,CPyFJ3YnK4A.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPyFJ3YnK4A,"The video opens with a medium shot of an individual in a workshop, surrounded by tools and machinery. The scene transitions to close-ups of hands working on electronic components, followed by a rapid sequence showing various individuals wearing futuristic armor pieces. These scenes are interspersed with text overlays expressing desire for something iconic. A character is seen running through what appears to be a high-tech facility or laboratory. Another frame shows a person in a black shirt gesturing while speaking, suggesting dialogue or narration. The environment throughout the clip is industrial and technologically advanced, filled with metallic surfaces, cables, and complex machinery. Lighting varies from bright workspaces to dimly lit areas emphasizing the intensity of the action. Colors range from muted grays and blacks to vibrant reds and blues, contributing to the overall sci-fi aesthetic.",industrial lab electronic components,26
819,273,mgaD5G3bcFY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgaD5G3bcFY,"The video features a series of comic book-style frames with bold, dynamic text and illustrations. The first frame shows a character in space with the word 'TIME' above them, suggesting urgency or importance. Next is an illustration of a character's face with glowing eyes, followed by another character in action pose labeled 'BUCKY BARNES'. A speech bubble reads 'CAN BRANCH OUT...', indicating a moment of decision-making. Another frame depicts a character in distress with the words 'HULK!' emphasizing their name. The final frame presents a title card for 'WHAT IF? SEASON 3 STREAMING DECEMBER 22', signaling the start of a new season on Disney+.",WHAT IF season 3 Disney+ streaming,22
820,273,mgaD5G3bcFY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgaD5G3bcFY,"The video features a series of comic book-style frames with bold, dynamic text and illustrations. The first frame shows a character in space with the word 'TIME' above them, suggesting urgency or importance. Next is an illustration of a character's face with glowing eyes, followed by another character in action pose labeled 'BUCKY BARNES'. A speech bubble reads 'CAN BRANCH OUT...', indicating a moment of decision-making. Another frame depicts a character in distress with the words 'HULK!' emphasizing their name. The final frame presents a title card for 'WHAT IF? SEASON 3 STREAMING DECEMBER 22', signaling the start of a new season on Disney+.",Bucky Barnes comic frame 'CAN BRANCH OUT…',22
821,273,mgaD5G3bcFY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgaD5G3bcFY,"The video features a series of comic book-style frames with bold, dynamic text and illustrations. The first frame shows a character in space with the word 'TIME' above them, suggesting urgency or importance. Next is an illustration of a character's face with glowing eyes, followed by another character in action pose labeled 'BUCKY BARNES'. A speech bubble reads 'CAN BRANCH OUT...', indicating a moment of decision-making. Another frame depicts a character in distress with the words 'HULK!' emphasizing their name. The final frame presents a title card for 'WHAT IF? SEASON 3 STREAMING DECEMBER 22', signaling the start of a new season on Disney+.",Hulk comic illustration with glowing eyes,22
822,274,1mc6RbPjq6c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mc6RbPjq6c,"The video opens with a group of characters in an elevator, one wearing a red cape and another in armor. The scene shifts to the Hulk standing outside the elevator, looking angry as he speaks to someone inside. He then enters the elevator, which is empty except for him. Inside, he confronts a character who appears to be a villain or antagonist named 'Maximus'. The environment suggests a high-stakes situation, possibly involving espionage or conflict. As the elevator doors close, the focus remains on the Hulk's determined expression. Suddenly, the elevator ascends rapidly down a spiral staircase, indicating a sense of urgency or escape. The lighting throughout is dim but focused on the characters' faces, emphasizing their expressions and actions.",Hulk elevator confrontation,26
823,274,1mc6RbPjq6c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mc6RbPjq6c,"The video opens with a group of characters in an elevator, one wearing a red cape and another in armor. The scene shifts to the Hulk standing outside the elevator, looking angry as he speaks to someone inside. He then enters the elevator, which is empty except for him. Inside, he confronts a character who appears to be a villain or antagonist named 'Maximus'. The environment suggests a high-stakes situation, possibly involving espionage or conflict. As the elevator doors close, the focus remains on the Hulk's determined expression. Suddenly, the elevator ascends rapidly down a spiral staircase, indicating a sense of urgency or escape. The lighting throughout is dim but focused on the characters' faces, emphasizing their expressions and actions.",Maximus villain inside elevator,26
824,274,1mc6RbPjq6c.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mc6RbPjq6c,"The video opens with a group of characters in an elevator, one wearing a red cape and another in armor. The scene shifts to the Hulk standing outside the elevator, looking angry as he speaks to someone inside. He then enters the elevator, which is empty except for him. Inside, he confronts a character who appears to be a villain or antagonist named 'Maximus'. The environment suggests a high-stakes situation, possibly involving espionage or conflict. As the elevator doors close, the focus remains on the Hulk's determined expression. Suddenly, the elevator ascends rapidly down a spiral staircase, indicating a sense of urgency or escape. The lighting throughout is dim but focused on the characters' faces, emphasizing their expressions and actions.",Hulk red cape armor conflict,26
825,275,CAV5Ket5AII.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAV5Ket5AII,"The video clip opens with a dynamic, fast-paced sequence featuring characters in action poses against various backgrounds. The first frame shows an intense close-up of a character's face with sharp teeth and bloodstains, suggesting violence or danger. Next is a graphic animation displaying the Marvel logo with 'UNLIMITED' text below it, indicating a new series or release. Following this are two frames showing different characters in combat stances; one appears to be attacking while another looks on. Another frame features a character holding up a shield with glowing blue energy around them, implying some form of power or protection. Subsequent frames show more action-packed scenes including explosions and characters engaged in battles. One frame displays a character with a mask over their eyes, surrounded by flames, which could imply danger or conflict. The final frame presents three comic book covers for 'X-Men,' showcasing vibrant colors and dynamic illustrations that suggest excitement and adventure within the comics world.",Marvel UNLIMITED teaser with bloodstained teeth,34
826,275,CAV5Ket5AII.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAV5Ket5AII,"The video clip opens with a dynamic, fast-paced sequence featuring characters in action poses against various backgrounds. The first frame shows an intense close-up of a character's face with sharp teeth and bloodstains, suggesting violence or danger. Next is a graphic animation displaying the Marvel logo with 'UNLIMITED' text below it, indicating a new series or release. Following this are two frames showing different characters in combat stances; one appears to be attacking while another looks on. Another frame features a character holding up a shield with glowing blue energy around them, implying some form of power or protection. Subsequent frames show more action-packed scenes including explosions and characters engaged in battles. One frame displays a character with a mask over their eyes, surrounded by flames, which could imply danger or conflict. The final frame presents three comic book covers for 'X-Men,' showcasing vibrant colors and dynamic illustrations that suggest excitement and adventure within the comics world.",X‑Men comic cover preview featuring action scenes,34
827,275,CAV5Ket5AII.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAV5Ket5AII,"The video clip opens with a dynamic, fast-paced sequence featuring characters in action poses against various backgrounds. The first frame shows an intense close-up of a character's face with sharp teeth and bloodstains, suggesting violence or danger. Next is a graphic animation displaying the Marvel logo with 'UNLIMITED' text below it, indicating a new series or release. Following this are two frames showing different characters in combat stances; one appears to be attacking while another looks on. Another frame features a character holding up a shield with glowing blue energy around them, implying some form of power or protection. Subsequent frames show more action-packed scenes including explosions and characters engaged in battles. One frame displays a character with a mask over their eyes, surrounded by flames, which could imply danger or conflict. The final frame presents three comic book covers for 'X-Men,' showcasing vibrant colors and dynamic illustrations that suggest excitement and adventure within the comics world.",character holding glowing blue shield in action montage,34
828,276,7CC-x6PKiYY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CC-x6PKiYY,"The video features a person in various settings, engaging in different activities. In the first frame, they are playing drums energetically indoors with headphones on and a window showing daylight outside. The second frame shows them bowling at night; it's dimly lit inside with colorful pins visible. The third frame is an indoor scene where they're holding a card while sitting by a laptop, suggesting some form of work or study. The fourth frame captures them reading a book in a well-lit room, indicating leisure time. Lastly, there's a close-up shot of their hands manipulating something small, possibly food, against a dark background that suggests nighttime or low-light conditions.",drummer playing indoors with headphones,14
829,276,7CC-x6PKiYY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CC-x6PKiYY,"The video features a person in various settings, engaging in different activities. In the first frame, they are playing drums energetically indoors with headphones on and a window showing daylight outside. The second frame shows them bowling at night; it's dimly lit inside with colorful pins visible. The third frame is an indoor scene where they're holding a card while sitting by a laptop, suggesting some form of work or study. The fourth frame captures them reading a book in a well-lit room, indicating leisure time. Lastly, there's a close-up shot of their hands manipulating something small, possibly food, against a dark background that suggests nighttime or low-light conditions.",bowling night time dimly lit,14
830,276,7CC-x6PKiYY.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CC-x6PKiYY,"The video features a person in various settings, engaging in different activities. In the first frame, they are playing drums energetically indoors with headphones on and a window showing daylight outside. The second frame shows them bowling at night; it's dimly lit inside with colorful pins visible. The third frame is an indoor scene where they're holding a card while sitting by a laptop, suggesting some form of work or study. The fourth frame captures them reading a book in a well-lit room, indicating leisure time. Lastly, there's a close-up shot of their hands manipulating something small, possibly food, against a dark background that suggests nighttime or low-light conditions.",reading book in a well‑lit room,14
831,277,TlbLxrWiwPI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlbLxrWiwPI,"The video features a man in a dark blue jacket standing against a black background, surrounded by various photographs and images pinned to the wall. He appears to be speaking or explaining something, gesturing with his hands as he talks about 'the MCU' (Marvel Cinematic Universe). The environment is dimly lit, focusing attention on the man and the items around him. There are several framed pictures of characters from different movies, including one that reads 'ADAMANTUM!' suggesting a connection between these characters. The colors are mostly muted except for the red lines connecting the photos, which add emphasis to certain points being made. As the conversation progresses, there's an exchange where the man seems to be questioning someone else who responds with 'HA HA'. The overall tone suggests a serious discussion about the Marvel universe and its interconnectedness through films like Captain America: Civil War.",man explains MCU with Adamantium reference,44
832,277,TlbLxrWiwPI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlbLxrWiwPI,"The video features a man in a dark blue jacket standing against a black background, surrounded by various photographs and images pinned to the wall. He appears to be speaking or explaining something, gesturing with his hands as he talks about 'the MCU' (Marvel Cinematic Universe). The environment is dimly lit, focusing attention on the man and the items around him. There are several framed pictures of characters from different movies, including one that reads 'ADAMANTUM!' suggesting a connection between these characters. The colors are mostly muted except for the red lines connecting the photos, which add emphasis to certain points being made. As the conversation progresses, there's an exchange where the man seems to be questioning someone else who responds with 'HA HA'. The overall tone suggests a serious discussion about the Marvel universe and its interconnectedness through films like Captain America: Civil War.",MCU discussion with framed pictures,44
833,277,TlbLxrWiwPI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlbLxrWiwPI,"The video features a man in a dark blue jacket standing against a black background, surrounded by various photographs and images pinned to the wall. He appears to be speaking or explaining something, gesturing with his hands as he talks about 'the MCU' (Marvel Cinematic Universe). The environment is dimly lit, focusing attention on the man and the items around him. There are several framed pictures of characters from different movies, including one that reads 'ADAMANTUM!' suggesting a connection between these characters. The colors are mostly muted except for the red lines connecting the photos, which add emphasis to certain points being made. As the conversation progresses, there's an exchange where the man seems to be questioning someone else who responds with 'HA HA'. The overall tone suggests a serious discussion about the Marvel universe and its interconnectedness through films like Captain America: Civil War.",dark blue jacket speaker on MCU,44
834,278,2QwG92P7Aa4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QwG92P7Aa4,"The video features a character in a white and blue suit with black accents, resembling the iconic Spider-Man costume. The first frame shows this character sitting on a rooftop at night, looking downcast. In the second frame, they are standing confidently against a dark background, ready for action. The third frame captures them mid-air, suggesting an acrobatic move or leap. The fourth frame is similar to the third but from a different angle, emphasizing their readiness. The final frame displays text that reads 'YOU SHOULD HAVE' followed by 'BUT I PIDDLED YOU ANYTHING,' indicating a sense of betrayal or deception. Throughout these frames, there's consistent lighting highlighting the characters against darker backgrounds, creating dramatic contrasts.",White and blue Spider-Man rooftop night cosplay,17
835,278,2QwG92P7Aa4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QwG92P7Aa4,"The video features a character in a white and blue suit with black accents, resembling the iconic Spider-Man costume. The first frame shows this character sitting on a rooftop at night, looking downcast. In the second frame, they are standing confidently against a dark background, ready for action. The third frame captures them mid-air, suggesting an acrobatic move or leap. The fourth frame is similar to the third but from a different angle, emphasizing their readiness. The final frame displays text that reads 'YOU SHOULD HAVE' followed by 'BUT I PIDDLED YOU ANYTHING,' indicating a sense of betrayal or deception. Throughout these frames, there's consistent lighting highlighting the characters against darker backgrounds, creating dramatic contrasts.",Acrobatic mid-air move Spider-Man-like character,17
836,278,2QwG92P7Aa4.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QwG92P7Aa4,"The video features a character in a white and blue suit with black accents, resembling the iconic Spider-Man costume. The first frame shows this character sitting on a rooftop at night, looking downcast. In the second frame, they are standing confidently against a dark background, ready for action. The third frame captures them mid-air, suggesting an acrobatic move or leap. The fourth frame is similar to the third but from a different angle, emphasizing their readiness. The final frame displays text that reads 'YOU SHOULD HAVE' followed by 'BUT I PIDDLED YOU ANYTHING,' indicating a sense of betrayal or deception. Throughout these frames, there's consistent lighting highlighting the characters against darker backgrounds, creating dramatic contrasts.",Spiderman betrayal text YOU SHOULD HAVE,17
837,279,Bpi6DiW3lYI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bpi6DiW3lYI,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in tactical gear, followed by a medium shot revealing the full figure. The scene transitions to a character wielding a weapon against another in a dynamic action sequence. Next, we see a person standing confidently on a platform with 'REALITY' displayed prominently. Another frame shows a character in a suit amidst digital effects, suggesting advanced technology or virtual reality. A character is then shown in a dark setting with glowing elements around them, indicating some form of energy or power. Following this, there's a wide shot of a character in a purple outfit with blue eyes and a cape, set against a starry background, possibly representing outer space. Finally, the video ends with a title card reading 'Disney+' against a cosmic backdrop, signaling the end of the segment.",tactical gear combat with weapon vs enemy,29
838,279,Bpi6DiW3lYI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bpi6DiW3lYI,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in tactical gear, followed by a medium shot revealing the full figure. The scene transitions to a character wielding a weapon against another in a dynamic action sequence. Next, we see a person standing confidently on a platform with 'REALITY' displayed prominently. Another frame shows a character in a suit amidst digital effects, suggesting advanced technology or virtual reality. A character is then shown in a dark setting with glowing elements around them, indicating some form of energy or power. Following this, there's a wide shot of a character in a purple outfit with blue eyes and a cape, set against a starry background, possibly representing outer space. Finally, the video ends with a title card reading 'Disney+' against a cosmic backdrop, signaling the end of the segment.",purple suit character with cape in starry space background,29
839,279,Bpi6DiW3lYI.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bpi6DiW3lYI,"The video opens with a close-up of an individual in tactical gear, followed by a medium shot revealing the full figure. The scene transitions to a character wielding a weapon against another in a dynamic action sequence. Next, we see a person standing confidently on a platform with 'REALITY' displayed prominently. Another frame shows a character in a suit amidst digital effects, suggesting advanced technology or virtual reality. A character is then shown in a dark setting with glowing elements around them, indicating some form of energy or power. Following this, there's a wide shot of a character in a purple outfit with blue eyes and a cape, set against a starry background, possibly representing outer space. Finally, the video ends with a title card reading 'Disney+' against a cosmic backdrop, signaling the end of the segment.",Disney+ cosmic title card reveal,29
840,280,gbm65jKX7dE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbm65jKX7dE,"The video features a vibrant red double-decker bus adorned with the Deadpool character's iconic mask and suit, driving down a narrow street lined with traditional brick buildings. The bus is decorated to resemble Deadpool, complete with his signature black mask featuring white eyes and a stylized 'D' on it. As the bus moves forward, its front window displays the text 'APRIL POOL DAY,' indicating a special event or promotion related to the Deadpool franchise. The environment suggests an urban setting during daytime with clear skies. Other vehicles are parked along the sides of the road, adding to the cityscape ambiance. The scene captures the essence of a promotional event for the movie 'Deadpool 2,' highlighting the film's connection to London through this unique vehicle design.",Deadpool 2 red double‑decker bus London promo,21
841,280,gbm65jKX7dE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbm65jKX7dE,"The video features a vibrant red double-decker bus adorned with the Deadpool character's iconic mask and suit, driving down a narrow street lined with traditional brick buildings. The bus is decorated to resemble Deadpool, complete with his signature black mask featuring white eyes and a stylized 'D' on it. As the bus moves forward, its front window displays the text 'APRIL POOL DAY,' indicating a special event or promotion related to the Deadpool franchise. The environment suggests an urban setting during daytime with clear skies. Other vehicles are parked along the sides of the road, adding to the cityscape ambiance. The scene captures the essence of a promotional event for the movie 'Deadpool 2,' highlighting the film's connection to London through this unique vehicle design.",Deadpool bus with April Fools message,21
842,280,gbm65jKX7dE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbm65jKX7dE,"The video features a vibrant red double-decker bus adorned with the Deadpool character's iconic mask and suit, driving down a narrow street lined with traditional brick buildings. The bus is decorated to resemble Deadpool, complete with his signature black mask featuring white eyes and a stylized 'D' on it. As the bus moves forward, its front window displays the text 'APRIL POOL DAY,' indicating a special event or promotion related to the Deadpool franchise. The environment suggests an urban setting during daytime with clear skies. Other vehicles are parked along the sides of the road, adding to the cityscape ambiance. The scene captures the essence of a promotional event for the movie 'Deadpool 2,' highlighting the film's connection to London through this unique vehicle design.",Deadpool 2 promotional bus on London street,21
843,281,6Qvvk8LcPIo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Qvvk8LcPIo,"The video opens with a title card for 'Marvel Television' against a dark background. It transitions to another title card, this time for 'SPELBINDING,' followed by 'BOLD' and then 'WICKLEY FUN.' The scene shifts to an indoor setting where characters are engaged in conversation; one character is wearing a black outfit while the other has red hair. A close-up follows of a person's face expressing shock or surprise. Next, there's a shot of a car driving through a forest at night, suggesting urgency or danger. Another frame shows two individuals inside what appears to be a dimly lit room filled with objects like trophies and books, indicating a personal space possibly related to their profession as actors. The final frames depict a group of people standing outdoors during sunset, dressed in costumes that suggest they might be part of a performance or event.",Marvel Television Spebinding BOLD WICKLEY FUN trailer,31
844,281,6Qvvk8LcPIo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Qvvk8LcPIo,"The video opens with a title card for 'Marvel Television' against a dark background. It transitions to another title card, this time for 'SPELBINDING,' followed by 'BOLD' and then 'WICKLEY FUN.' The scene shifts to an indoor setting where characters are engaged in conversation; one character is wearing a black outfit while the other has red hair. A close-up follows of a person's face expressing shock or surprise. Next, there's a shot of a car driving through a forest at night, suggesting urgency or danger. Another frame shows two individuals inside what appears to be a dimly lit room filled with objects like trophies and books, indicating a personal space possibly related to their profession as actors. The final frames depict a group of people standing outdoors during sunset, dressed in costumes that suggest they might be part of a performance or event.",Car driving through forest at night in Marvel TV Spebinding,31
845,281,6Qvvk8LcPIo.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Qvvk8LcPIo,"The video opens with a title card for 'Marvel Television' against a dark background. It transitions to another title card, this time for 'SPELBINDING,' followed by 'BOLD' and then 'WICKLEY FUN.' The scene shifts to an indoor setting where characters are engaged in conversation; one character is wearing a black outfit while the other has red hair. A close-up follows of a person's face expressing shock or surprise. Next, there's a shot of a car driving through a forest at night, suggesting urgency or danger. Another frame shows two individuals inside what appears to be a dimly lit room filled with objects like trophies and books, indicating a personal space possibly related to their profession as actors. The final frames depict a group of people standing outdoors during sunset, dressed in costumes that suggest they might be part of a performance or event.",Actors in dimly lit trophy room in Marvel TV Spebinding,31
846,282,0uwlBGte1uE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uwlBGte1uE,"The video opens with a close-up of a large, fluffy creature resembling a lion or similar animal lying on the ground. The scene transitions to an indoor setting where two characters are engaged in conversation; one is wearing a floral top and green pants while the other has long hair and wears a dark jacket. A small bird-like creature appears, causing surprise among the characters. The next shot shows another character holding the same creature, which seems distressed. The environment shifts to nighttime outside, then back indoors where the creature is being held by someone sitting down. Finally, the creature is shown inside a vehicle, looking out through the window as if trying to communicate something. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of urgency and concern for the creature's well-being.",fluffy lion-like creature rescue scene,42
847,282,0uwlBGte1uE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uwlBGte1uE,"The video opens with a close-up of a large, fluffy creature resembling a lion or similar animal lying on the ground. The scene transitions to an indoor setting where two characters are engaged in conversation; one is wearing a floral top and green pants while the other has long hair and wears a dark jacket. A small bird-like creature appears, causing surprise among the characters. The next shot shows another character holding the same creature, which seems distressed. The environment shifts to nighttime outside, then back indoors where the creature is being held by someone sitting down. Finally, the creature is shown inside a vehicle, looking out through the window as if trying to communicate something. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of urgency and concern for the creature's well-being.",conversation about distressed animal with bird surprise,42
848,282,0uwlBGte1uE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uwlBGte1uE,"The video opens with a close-up of a large, fluffy creature resembling a lion or similar animal lying on the ground. The scene transitions to an indoor setting where two characters are engaged in conversation; one is wearing a floral top and green pants while the other has long hair and wears a dark jacket. A small bird-like creature appears, causing surprise among the characters. The next shot shows another character holding the same creature, which seems distressed. The environment shifts to nighttime outside, then back indoors where the creature is being held by someone sitting down. Finally, the creature is shown inside a vehicle, looking out through the window as if trying to communicate something. Throughout these scenes, there's a sense of urgency and concern for the creature's well-being.",fluffy creature in vehicle trying to communicate,42
849,283,5n5JFxj_WnM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5n5JFxj_WnM,"The video opens with a robot standing against a blue background, introducing the 'Fantastic 4' movie. The scene shifts to an indoor setting where the robot interacts with a menu board at a food counter, then moves towards a large screen displaying promotional material for the movie. Next, it's inside a theater where the robot is seen in front of a crowd enjoying popcorn and drinks. Following this, there's footage from a city street chase sequence featuring characters in blue suits amidst explosions and chaos. A character performs acrobatic stunts while another falls into debris. Finally, the robot stands on stage before the credits roll over the movie title and release date.",robot introduces Fantastic 4 movie trailer,37
850,283,5n5JFxj_WnM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5n5JFxj_WnM,"The video opens with a robot standing against a blue background, introducing the 'Fantastic 4' movie. The scene shifts to an indoor setting where the robot interacts with a menu board at a food counter, then moves towards a large screen displaying promotional material for the movie. Next, it's inside a theater where the robot is seen in front of a crowd enjoying popcorn and drinks. Following this, there's footage from a city street chase sequence featuring characters in blue suits amidst explosions and chaos. A character performs acrobatic stunts while another falls into debris. Finally, the robot stands on stage before the credits roll over the movie title and release date.",robot at food counter and theater popcorn scene,37
851,283,5n5JFxj_WnM.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5n5JFxj_WnM,"The video opens with a robot standing against a blue background, introducing the 'Fantastic 4' movie. The scene shifts to an indoor setting where the robot interacts with a menu board at a food counter, then moves towards a large screen displaying promotional material for the movie. Next, it's inside a theater where the robot is seen in front of a crowd enjoying popcorn and drinks. Following this, there's footage from a city street chase sequence featuring characters in blue suits amidst explosions and chaos. A character performs acrobatic stunts while another falls into debris. Finally, the robot stands on stage before the credits roll over the movie title and release date.",blue‑suit city chase with explosions in Fantastic 4,37
852,284,Slnzpr3Jxas.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Slnzpr3Jxas,"The video opens with a medium shot of two individuals in an indoor setting, one wearing a yellow jacket and the other in dark clothing. The scene transitions to another individual sitting at a desk with papers, followed by a close-up of hands holding money against a backdrop of city buildings. Next, there's a quick cut to a character in a futuristic suit standing on a rooftop during sunset. Subsequently, we see a dynamic action sequence featuring characters in combat gear amidst urban chaos. The final frame shows a person in casual attire walking outdoors under clear skies. Throughout these scenes, text overlays indicate specific times such as '6:00AM', '8:00AM', etc., suggesting different moments or days within the narrative.",two people indoor yellow jacket dark clothing,30
853,284,Slnzpr3Jxas.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Slnzpr3Jxas,"The video opens with a medium shot of two individuals in an indoor setting, one wearing a yellow jacket and the other in dark clothing. The scene transitions to another individual sitting at a desk with papers, followed by a close-up of hands holding money against a backdrop of city buildings. Next, there's a quick cut to a character in a futuristic suit standing on a rooftop during sunset. Subsequently, we see a dynamic action sequence featuring characters in combat gear amidst urban chaos. The final frame shows a person in casual attire walking outdoors under clear skies. Throughout these scenes, text overlays indicate specific times such as '6:00AM', '8:00AM', etc., suggesting different moments or days within the narrative.",futuristic suit rooftop sunset,30
854,284,Slnzpr3Jxas.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Slnzpr3Jxas,"The video opens with a medium shot of two individuals in an indoor setting, one wearing a yellow jacket and the other in dark clothing. The scene transitions to another individual sitting at a desk with papers, followed by a close-up of hands holding money against a backdrop of city buildings. Next, there's a quick cut to a character in a futuristic suit standing on a rooftop during sunset. Subsequently, we see a dynamic action sequence featuring characters in combat gear amidst urban chaos. The final frame shows a person in casual attire walking outdoors under clear skies. Throughout these scenes, text overlays indicate specific times such as '6:00AM', '8:00AM', etc., suggesting different moments or days within the narrative.",combat gear urban chaos action,30
855,285,y8KTNTqCTXU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8KTNTqCTXU,"The video begins with two men standing side by side in a dimly lit room, one holding a microphone. The man on the left is dressed casually in a black cardigan over a white shirt and light-colored pants, while the other wears a dark suit jacket. They are positioned near an open doorway leading to another area where people can be seen working or conversing. As they move through the doorway into a brightly lit indoor space, possibly a convention center, the atmosphere becomes more vibrant with colorful lights and attendees visible in the background. The scene transitions to them walking towards a stage set up for what appears to be a presentation or event. A large screen displaying 'MARVEL' along with text about the 'COMIC CON EXPERIENCE IN PARTNERSHIP WITH LEGO' indicates this is likely related to a promotional event or panel discussion at a comic book convention.",Marvel Comic Con panel discussion,21
856,285,y8KTNTqCTXU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8KTNTqCTXU,"The video begins with two men standing side by side in a dimly lit room, one holding a microphone. The man on the left is dressed casually in a black cardigan over a white shirt and light-colored pants, while the other wears a dark suit jacket. They are positioned near an open doorway leading to another area where people can be seen working or conversing. As they move through the doorway into a brightly lit indoor space, possibly a convention center, the atmosphere becomes more vibrant with colorful lights and attendees visible in the background. The scene transitions to them walking towards a stage set up for what appears to be a presentation or event. A large screen displaying 'MARVEL' along with text about the 'COMIC CON EXPERIENCE IN PARTNERSHIP WITH LEGO' indicates this is likely related to a promotional event or panel discussion at a comic book convention.",Marvel Comic Con presentation with LEGO,21
857,285,y8KTNTqCTXU.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8KTNTqCTXU,"The video begins with two men standing side by side in a dimly lit room, one holding a microphone. The man on the left is dressed casually in a black cardigan over a white shirt and light-colored pants, while the other wears a dark suit jacket. They are positioned near an open doorway leading to another area where people can be seen working or conversing. As they move through the doorway into a brightly lit indoor space, possibly a convention center, the atmosphere becomes more vibrant with colorful lights and attendees visible in the background. The scene transitions to them walking towards a stage set up for what appears to be a presentation or event. A large screen displaying 'MARVEL' along with text about the 'COMIC CON EXPERIENCE IN PARTNERSHIP WITH LEGO' indicates this is likely related to a promotional event or panel discussion at a comic book convention.",Marvel Comic Con convention center lights,21
858,286,taewwrb0LTg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taewwrb0LTg,"The video features a conversation between two characters, one in a grey cardigan and the other in a dark burgundy outfit. The setting appears to be an indoor environment with dim lighting, creating a moody atmosphere. A lamp is visible on the table behind them, adding to the ambiance of the scene. Both individuals are engaged in a serious discussion about their relationship dynamics. They express feelings of self-deprecation and discuss the idea of being 'a great one' or 'the one'. There's also a mention of someone named Lily Allen, suggesting a personal connection or reference within the narrative. The overall tone seems contemplative and introspective as they delve into deeper thoughts about themselves and their relationships.",grey cardigan relationship conversation,26
859,286,taewwrb0LTg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taewwrb0LTg,"The video features a conversation between two characters, one in a grey cardigan and the other in a dark burgundy outfit. The setting appears to be an indoor environment with dim lighting, creating a moody atmosphere. A lamp is visible on the table behind them, adding to the ambiance of the scene. Both individuals are engaged in a serious discussion about their relationship dynamics. They express feelings of self-deprecation and discuss the idea of being 'a great one' or 'the one'. There's also a mention of someone named Lily Allen, suggesting a personal connection or reference within the narrative. The overall tone seems contemplative and introspective as they delve into deeper thoughts about themselves and their relationships.",dark burgundy outfit self‑deprecation discussion,26
860,286,taewwrb0LTg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taewwrb0LTg,"The video features a conversation between two characters, one in a grey cardigan and the other in a dark burgundy outfit. The setting appears to be an indoor environment with dim lighting, creating a moody atmosphere. A lamp is visible on the table behind them, adding to the ambiance of the scene. Both individuals are engaged in a serious discussion about their relationship dynamics. They express feelings of self-deprecation and discuss the idea of being 'a great one' or 'the one'. There's also a mention of someone named Lily Allen, suggesting a personal connection or reference within the narrative. The overall tone seems contemplative and introspective as they delve into deeper thoughts about themselves and their relationships.",Lily Allen mention in intimate talk,26
861,287,VNv4ussQ1_k.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNv4ussQ1_k,"The video opens with a wide shot of an industrial-looking building at night, illuminated by bright lights. The scene transitions to a dimly lit room where several characters are gathered; one character is in the foreground wearing a dark outfit and helmet, while others stand behind him. A woman in casual attire stands beside another character dressed in black armor. The environment suggests secrecy or preparation for an event. As the camera pans across the room, it reveals more individuals, including someone in a light-colored shirt who appears to be speaking. The lighting remains low-key throughout, emphasizing the secretive atmosphere. The final frame shows promotional text encouraging viewers to watch 'The Avengers' now on Netflix, indicating that this clip may have been used as part of a movie trailer or promotional material.",Avengers industrial building night scene,56
862,287,VNv4ussQ1_k.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNv4ussQ1_k,"The video opens with a wide shot of an industrial-looking building at night, illuminated by bright lights. The scene transitions to a dimly lit room where several characters are gathered; one character is in the foreground wearing a dark outfit and helmet, while others stand behind him. A woman in casual attire stands beside another character dressed in black armor. The environment suggests secrecy or preparation for an event. As the camera pans across the room, it reveals more individuals, including someone in a light-colored shirt who appears to be speaking. The lighting remains low-key throughout, emphasizing the secretive atmosphere. The final frame shows promotional text encouraging viewers to watch 'The Avengers' now on Netflix, indicating that this clip may have been used as part of a movie trailer or promotional material.",Avengers secretive room gathering,56
863,287,VNv4ussQ1_k.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNv4ussQ1_k,"The video opens with a wide shot of an industrial-looking building at night, illuminated by bright lights. The scene transitions to a dimly lit room where several characters are gathered; one character is in the foreground wearing a dark outfit and helmet, while others stand behind him. A woman in casual attire stands beside another character dressed in black armor. The environment suggests secrecy or preparation for an event. As the camera pans across the room, it reveals more individuals, including someone in a light-colored shirt who appears to be speaking. The lighting remains low-key throughout, emphasizing the secretive atmosphere. The final frame shows promotional text encouraging viewers to watch 'The Avengers' now on Netflix, indicating that this clip may have been used as part of a movie trailer or promotional material.",Avengers black armor helmet promotional teaser,56
864,288,FAfaybcaq8M.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAfaybcaq8M,"The video features a person standing on a red carpet at what appears to be the premiere of 'Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle'. The individual is dressed in an elaborate black outfit adorned with intricate patterns and embellishments, including sequins and beads. They are wearing multiple rings and have their hair styled neatly pulled back. In front of them, there's a backdrop displaying logos for 'Jumanji' and other related events or sponsors. The environment suggests it's daytime due to the bright lighting conditions. There are several people around, some taking photos or videos, indicating that this is a public event where attendees are capturing moments. The overall atmosphere seems lively yet focused on the main subject who is likely addressing the audience or giving an interview.",Jumanji Welcome to the Jungle premiere red carpet interview,22
865,288,FAfaybcaq8M.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAfaybcaq8M,"The video features a person standing on a red carpet at what appears to be the premiere of 'Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle'. The individual is dressed in an elaborate black outfit adorned with intricate patterns and embellishments, including sequins and beads. They are wearing multiple rings and have their hair styled neatly pulled back. In front of them, there's a backdrop displaying logos for 'Jumanji' and other related events or sponsors. The environment suggests it's daytime due to the bright lighting conditions. There are several people around, some taking photos or videos, indicating that this is a public event where attendees are capturing moments. The overall atmosphere seems lively yet focused on the main subject who is likely addressing the audience or giving an interview.",Jumanji black sequined outfit on red carpet,22
866,288,FAfaybcaq8M.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAfaybcaq8M,"The video features a person standing on a red carpet at what appears to be the premiere of 'Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle'. The individual is dressed in an elaborate black outfit adorned with intricate patterns and embellishments, including sequins and beads. They are wearing multiple rings and have their hair styled neatly pulled back. In front of them, there's a backdrop displaying logos for 'Jumanji' and other related events or sponsors. The environment suggests it's daytime due to the bright lighting conditions. There are several people around, some taking photos or videos, indicating that this is a public event where attendees are capturing moments. The overall atmosphere seems lively yet focused on the main subject who is likely addressing the audience or giving an interview.",Jumanji premiere photo session with fans,22
867,289,t9kBGhAspo0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9kBGhAspo0,"The video showcases a person in a black robe examining and discussing the details of a superhero costume. The costume is detailed with intricate designs, including blue sparkles along the seams and metallic buckles on the waistband. It features a red cape that drapes over one shoulder. The setting appears to be an indoor space filled with shelves containing various items like boxes and containers. A close-up reveals more details such as the texture of the fabric and the craftsmanship involved in creating the costume. Another frame shows a different angle of the costume's design elements, emphasizing its complexity and attention to detail.",black robe examining superhero costume,31
868,289,t9kBGhAspo0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9kBGhAspo0,"The video showcases a person in a black robe examining and discussing the details of a superhero costume. The costume is detailed with intricate designs, including blue sparkles along the seams and metallic buckles on the waistband. It features a red cape that drapes over one shoulder. The setting appears to be an indoor space filled with shelves containing various items like boxes and containers. A close-up reveals more details such as the texture of the fabric and the craftsmanship involved in creating the costume. Another frame shows a different angle of the costume's design elements, emphasizing its complexity and attention to detail.",superhero costume blue sparkles and metallic buckles,31
869,289,t9kBGhAspo0.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9kBGhAspo0,"The video showcases a person in a black robe examining and discussing the details of a superhero costume. The costume is detailed with intricate designs, including blue sparkles along the seams and metallic buckles on the waistband. It features a red cape that drapes over one shoulder. The setting appears to be an indoor space filled with shelves containing various items like boxes and containers. A close-up reveals more details such as the texture of the fabric and the craftsmanship involved in creating the costume. Another frame shows a different angle of the costume's design elements, emphasizing its complexity and attention to detail.",red cape drapes over shoulder,31
870,290,mksHCca3fAg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mksHCca3fAg,"The video opens with a wide shot of an urban street where people are walking, cars parked along the side. A helicopter flies overhead as the camera pans to show more pedestrians and buildings in the background. The scene shifts to a close-up of a person's face against a blurred cityscape backdrop. Next, we see an aerial view of construction sites surrounded by cranes and scaffolding, indicating ongoing development or renovation work. Following this is another aerial shot showing a house under construction with visible progress on its exterior walls. Subsequently, there's a medium shot inside a home where family members gather around a table filled with art supplies; one child holds a toy car while others watch. Finally, the superhero character appears outside wearing his iconic suit, flying over the suburban neighborhood towards the house he has been working on.",superhero flying over suburban construction site,31
871,290,mksHCca3fAg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mksHCca3fAg,"The video opens with a wide shot of an urban street where people are walking, cars parked along the side. A helicopter flies overhead as the camera pans to show more pedestrians and buildings in the background. The scene shifts to a close-up of a person's face against a blurred cityscape backdrop. Next, we see an aerial view of construction sites surrounded by cranes and scaffolding, indicating ongoing development or renovation work. Following this is another aerial shot showing a house under construction with visible progress on its exterior walls. Subsequently, there's a medium shot inside a home where family members gather around a table filled with art supplies; one child holds a toy car while others watch. Finally, the superhero character appears outside wearing his iconic suit, flying over the suburban neighborhood towards the house he has been working on.",family art supplies gathering with toy car,31
872,290,mksHCca3fAg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mksHCca3fAg,"The video opens with a wide shot of an urban street where people are walking, cars parked along the side. A helicopter flies overhead as the camera pans to show more pedestrians and buildings in the background. The scene shifts to a close-up of a person's face against a blurred cityscape backdrop. Next, we see an aerial view of construction sites surrounded by cranes and scaffolding, indicating ongoing development or renovation work. Following this is another aerial shot showing a house under construction with visible progress on its exterior walls. Subsequently, there's a medium shot inside a home where family members gather around a table filled with art supplies; one child holds a toy car while others watch. Finally, the superhero character appears outside wearing his iconic suit, flying over the suburban neighborhood towards the house he has been working on.",helicopter overhead urban street with construction cranes,31
873,291,tP43CnW86Vg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tP43CnW86Vg,"The video opens with a wide shot of an event stage where individuals are preparing for what appears to be a premiere or promotional event. The backdrop prominently displays the word 'THUNDERBOLTS' in large yellow letters, indicating the theme of the event. A crowd is visible in front of the stage, some holding up phones as if recording or taking pictures. As the camera pans across the scene, it reveals more attendees and performers on stage. The lighting is dim but focused on the stage area, creating an atmosphere that suggests anticipation and excitement. Performers dressed in formal attire walk onto the stage, waving to the audience. The environment conveys a sense of grandeur and importance associated with the event's branding.",Thunderbolts stage event,19
874,291,tP43CnW86Vg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tP43CnW86Vg,"The video opens with a wide shot of an event stage where individuals are preparing for what appears to be a premiere or promotional event. The backdrop prominently displays the word 'THUNDERBOLTS' in large yellow letters, indicating the theme of the event. A crowd is visible in front of the stage, some holding up phones as if recording or taking pictures. As the camera pans across the scene, it reveals more attendees and performers on stage. The lighting is dim but focused on the stage area, creating an atmosphere that suggests anticipation and excitement. Performers dressed in formal attire walk onto the stage, waving to the audience. The environment conveys a sense of grandeur and importance associated with the event's branding.",Thunderbolts audience filming,19
875,291,tP43CnW86Vg.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tP43CnW86Vg,"The video opens with a wide shot of an event stage where individuals are preparing for what appears to be a premiere or promotional event. The backdrop prominently displays the word 'THUNDERBOLTS' in large yellow letters, indicating the theme of the event. A crowd is visible in front of the stage, some holding up phones as if recording or taking pictures. As the camera pans across the scene, it reveals more attendees and performers on stage. The lighting is dim but focused on the stage area, creating an atmosphere that suggests anticipation and excitement. Performers dressed in formal attire walk onto the stage, waving to the audience. The environment conveys a sense of grandeur and importance associated with the event's branding.",Thunderbolts performers in formal attire,19
876,292,LRrKF72_jsE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRrKF72_jsE,"The video clip appears to be from a horror-themed content, possibly a trailer or promotional material. It features close-up shots of what seems like a person's face in distress or fear, with the text 'wednesday scares' overlaid on the screen. The lighting is dim and moody, creating an atmosphere that suggests suspense or danger. There are no clear objects visible due to the focus on the face, but it could imply a character experiencing a frightening moment. The color palette is dark with hints of blue and purple hues, which adds to the eerie feel of the scene. Overall, the tone conveyed by these frames is one of tension and unease, typical for horror genres.",Wednesday scares horror face close-up,8
877,292,LRrKF72_jsE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRrKF72_jsE,"The video clip appears to be from a horror-themed content, possibly a trailer or promotional material. It features close-up shots of what seems like a person's face in distress or fear, with the text 'wednesday scares' overlaid on the screen. The lighting is dim and moody, creating an atmosphere that suggests suspense or danger. There are no clear objects visible due to the focus on the face, but it could imply a character experiencing a frightening moment. The color palette is dark with hints of blue and purple hues, which adds to the eerie feel of the scene. Overall, the tone conveyed by these frames is one of tension and unease, typical for horror genres.",Wednesday horror promo face in distress,8
878,292,LRrKF72_jsE.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRrKF72_jsE,"The video clip appears to be from a horror-themed content, possibly a trailer or promotional material. It features close-up shots of what seems like a person's face in distress or fear, with the text 'wednesday scares' overlaid on the screen. The lighting is dim and moody, creating an atmosphere that suggests suspense or danger. There are no clear objects visible due to the focus on the face, but it could imply a character experiencing a frightening moment. The color palette is dark with hints of blue and purple hues, which adds to the eerie feel of the scene. Overall, the tone conveyed by these frames is one of tension and unease, typical for horror genres.",Wednesday scary horror trailer dim lighting,8
879,293,triWSBTvmfk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=triWSBTvmfk,"The video clip opens with a medium shot of two characters in an indoor setting, one holding a cane. The scene shifts to another character standing outside at night, looking up at the sky. A close-up follows where we see a hand gripping something metallic against a dark background. We then cut to a wide shot of a cityscape at night with neon signs and silhouettes of buildings. Next is a medium shot inside a dimly lit room where someone appears to be speaking or reacting to something off-camera. Another frame shows a person walking down stairs into darkness. Finally, there's a title card for 'Daredevil Born Again' followed by the Disney+ logo on a red background.",Daredevil Born Again cane scene,16
880,293,triWSBTvmfk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=triWSBTvmfk,"The video clip opens with a medium shot of two characters in an indoor setting, one holding a cane. The scene shifts to another character standing outside at night, looking up at the sky. A close-up follows where we see a hand gripping something metallic against a dark background. We then cut to a wide shot of a cityscape at night with neon signs and silhouettes of buildings. Next is a medium shot inside a dimly lit room where someone appears to be speaking or reacting to something off-camera. Another frame shows a person walking down stairs into darkness. Finally, there's a title card for 'Daredevil Born Again' followed by the Disney+ logo on a red background.",Daredevil metallic hand in dark background,16
881,293,triWSBTvmfk.mp4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=triWSBTvmfk,"The video clip opens with a medium shot of two characters in an indoor setting, one holding a cane. The scene shifts to another character standing outside at night, looking up at the sky. A close-up follows where we see a hand gripping something metallic against a dark background. We then cut to a wide shot of a cityscape at night with neon signs and silhouettes of buildings. Next is a medium shot inside a dimly lit room where someone appears to be speaking or reacting to something off-camera. Another frame shows a person walking down stairs into darkness. Finally, there's a title card for 'Daredevil Born Again' followed by the Disney+ logo on a red background.",Daredevil cityscape night neon signs,16
